show we've got a great great show lined
up for you guys today only the best show
for you guys I forget what our headline
topic is but Amazon is going to be
taking on shien and teu with a new
sub20 Amazon haul also our headline
topic I am less stupid than some people
think I
am I didn't say by no I didn't say by
much oh yeah I didn't say by much just
less just less uh new business
apparently pretty cool what else we got
going on this week uh if you go to
websites on boxes it might be a good or
bad week for you depends on what you
think about certain websites uh I'm
going to leave that as vague as it is
the wicked thing oh I mean it's in it's
in main news topics I know but there's
literally only really we're getting
pornographic within the first minute of
two things in main news topics going to
take both of them okay told them it was
a good show it's not necessarily
bad it's just a news topic hot take
we're not saying the matter is good or
bad all right just what else we got
let's get the intro going geez and this
is this is I think objectively bad Sony
employees allegedly selling personal
data of
users cool
[Music]
way to go Luke the show is brought to
you today by Squarespace Ridge rocket
money and of course our chair partner
secret lab our laptop partner LG and our
rap partner dbrand uh why don't we jump
into not our headline topic oh and why
don't we talk about the channel hiatus
from this week yeah we should probably
get that uh kicked out as as quickly as
possible I want to preface this by
saying that we will not and have not and
are not going to be commenting on
anything to do with Personnel changes
here at the company that is our policy
and that's the way it's going to be so
with that in mind then um I've got a a
small FAQ that I can go through with you
guys and that is about all we're going
to be able to say about it so one what
happened this week um we put three
channels on Hiatus Tech quickie game
link and Mac address um for the past
year and a half uh ever since sort of
our our week of reflection uh we've had
extensive discussions about ways that we
can improve our operations and function
more smoothly as a company we've spent
that time working through operational
and communication challenges that we've
faced realistically since our hyper
growth period from about 2020 to 2022
2023 and even before that um we've
learned a lot during this time and we
feel that refocusing and refreshing is
the best path forward for the long-term
success of the company and even those
channels um two what do you have planned
for these channels uh the Hiatus is to
allow our team to evaluate and refocus
uh three is lmg becoming evil and
corporate um and the answer here is if
anything I think a little bit of
corporate responsibility is long overdue
um some business management experience
was brought in for a good reason I mean
we we brought Taran in to kind of take a
look at things so that we would actually
have a full-time CEO instead of a like
when I have time for it CEO we did all
of that before uh the August controversy
last year uh we did it for a good reason
uh We've allowed unsustainable business
practices to carry on for far too long
in our past and this has caused
significant issues to morale to growth
to audience sentiment um that are just
they're they're they're unacceptable and
uh we we need to streamline things uh
number four is can we give suggestions
about what we want to see happen on
these channels in the future and the
answer is totally uh acceptable places
for that would be the lench tips.com
Forum uh we'd love to see the yeah we'd
love to see your suggestions on the
subreddit as well but it's a little more
ephemeral you know harder to deal with a
little harder for us to track down in
the future uh but the LTT Forum would be
would be the best part and that's it
that's all I have to say about
that yeah why don't we jump right
into oh man what do you want to
do oh my business yeah my business isn't
stupid one of the top comments on just
about every video about smash Champs the
the the badminton gym SL Lan gaming
center
is is that really like is that a
business like is that a thing like what
what to be fair I think you have even
said publicly in the past that you don't
suspect it's going to be like a super
profitable Endeavor you just kind of
want it to pay for itself yeah yeah yeah
yeah but I I I had a high degree of
confidence that it would do that yes and
it seems like that confidence has not
been echoed by members of the community
one of the top comments is also that it
seems very cheap uh well we'll talk
about that we'll talk about we'll talk
about that but first a quick review of
Smash chams minus' new badminton
facility from Mark makes jet leg games
sorry what's that now it's not that
quick oh yeah it's really not that quick
a short summary that you have to scroll
through made the drive today to give it
a to give it a try my usual spots were
full there's a soft opening so you can
register for a drop in session uh I
booked online and paid with their system
okay I worried based on pictures that
parking would be an issue but the lot
was huge so that was no issue drop in
was $12 which seem seems pricey but you
get 3 hours at Prime Time and the courts
are super cheap the courts are way nicer
uh the videos they posted don't do it
justice it's beautiful and bright the
change room especially stood out to me
the courts were fantastic comfortable
bright without lights in your eyes and
easy to see the shuttle in lines I felt
like I played a lot better defense than
normal this may have had an effect on
that who knows actually it's probably
more to do with the high ceilings but we
can talk about that some other time uh
apparently the delay for opening was
some kind of manufact in defect on the
courts um it seems fine but hey good job
committing to the highest standards and
blah blah blah how drop in works the Pro
Shop seemed fine the pricing isn't
anything special yeah fair enough uh all
in all I was very impressed and I would
love to make it a regular location but
uh it's far for me so okay y fair enough
uh yeah so that was pretty cool pretty
cool to see we haven't opened up reviews
on Google Maps yet I read this whole
thing so I thought it was cool as well
cuz we're not open yet we're still soft
open um and I don't think anyone I don't
think it's really occurred to anyone to
leave a review on Facebook um but yeah
it's it's exciting to see it not you
know be totally uh totally totally
dunked on I think the team's been
working really hard I think they've been
doing a really great job and uh it's
worth noting that any comments on
pricing ignore because this is soft
opening pricing uh and I don't know that
it will remain exactly the way that it
is in the longer term
yeah um random comment on the like I
feel like I played defense better thing
if you feel like you're in a better
environment you'll often Placebo
yourself into doing better so like that
is potentially even a thing even if
we're not accounting for the high
ceiling that probably isn't it though so
most of the centers in Richmond have
lower ceilings and the impact that that
has on the game is it speeds it up and
the reason for that is twofold one is
that when you lift up and when you clear
when you hit all the way to the back
line um you are hitting lower so it's a
shorter time for the opponent to react
and hit it back so it speeds up the game
that way and then the other impact is
that it changes the angle of the shuttle
so that you are far more likely to
strike the cork directly so you think he
was playing better defense because shots
were going like all the way to the roof
hold on hold on I'll get to that okay so
it it changes the angle that the shuttle
will uh that your racket will impact the
shuttle so you hit the cork first
instead of it dropping straight down and
hitting the feathers and then the cork
which absorbs some of the power so what
happens is if you have a higher ceiling
people are more likely to hit it up
higher giving you more time to get into
position to defend and then the other
impact is that it is more likely to be
falling straight down making it more
difficult for your opponent to generate
power interesting so your defense is
probably better because you can see
better because you have more time and
because your opponent is having a harder
time time generating power now your
opponent having a harder time generating
power does not mean that like our
facility is bad cuz the ceilings are too
high it means the other ones are too low
and people are more easily generating
too much power um in fact for
international play uh you should have a
ceiling height of at least 32 feet which
is about uh I think it's what is the
smash one I forget we're 32 feet yeah so
um so yeah pretty cool
very excited um all right I think it's
time though for us to change the subject
to talking about Elijah week and we have
a special guest here on the W show the
one the only David Ivonne oh we both
went for the same
joke nice do we yeah is there a mic or
am I just supposed to walk on wait yeah
does he have a mic there is holy crap oh
look at that soft opening you say wow
what soft opening about Bon s yeah but
you're going to I was just read com been
six seconds you're going to make you're
going to make a soft opening while you
got this joke while you got this in your
hand at least use two
hard one Topic's on brand is his mic on
I mean does it matter it is but you guys
can't hear give me one sec no that's
fine that's fine it's got to get it's
got to get warmed up just give them a
minute so what are we uh we're ining
Elijah week
right no not the top Elijah
you're going to get I need to talk to
Ariana after this going to hate
everybody or everybody's going to hate
you no they love you no they don't
they'll hate me for telling you not to
rub it actually did you know the uh
what did you know the trailer for Elijah
week has the most
dislikes what really out of all the
other wow what a polarizing figure he is
I think it was because we kind of like
everyone was wanting Sarah week after
she did that pumpkin carving stream and
then the next announcement being my week
everyone was like no so it's not that
you're unpopular it's just that you're
less popular correct all right cool
that's okay so yeah Elijah week happened
there's three videos up on float plane
you can go watch right now oh it's it
happened yeah it already happened
apparently they're having me after cuz
if I went before it would probably you
know make people unsubscribe so they
wanted to at least let it finish before
um but you can meet the team which is me
that's hi I'm here there was another one
which was me showcasing my very first
script this script I did not get hired
because of I want to I haven't watched
this yet but I want to watch this the
upload what do you mean by that so I
applied for the writing position back in
late
2021 oh you didn't work here in late
2021 correct I worked here in 2023 so
either I missed the email like for a
whole year or yeah awkward yeah was
really bad my bad um I okay just quick
introduction I un ironically and if
you're out there sorry I unironically
had someone respond to an email from me
from
2019 which was progressing them to the
next stage of the interview process with
the things that they needed to give me
for that step no note of like sorry this
is so many years late or anything just
here you go and I was
like I mean they got your attention
that's in I don't I'm not hiring that
role anymore yeah but if you were we
have a great person in there I'm very
happy with how that person's been doing
I just it's like I it actually blew my
mind I I I sat there looking at it for
like an embarrassingly long period of
time trying to figure out like did I do
something wrong like is this actually am
I reading something is this a newer
email it's like you've been married your
for years you have like three children
and this like guy you asked to prom is
like yo hey let's go I am so down to go
to prom with
you this isn't happening anymore this is
over any oh that's great and also you
horribly
like oh my God man attending the 20-year
reunion I got to tell you some people
like man do they ever do they ever age
on like a very graceful curve and then
man some people it's just like hit a
wall it's a yeah that's that's rough
that's rough I'm I'm I'm sorry for you
my 10 reion is next year I'm scared to
go are you going definitely not so he's
too cool to go we discussed this last
week I just I'd be too famous you know
see this is what I'm talking about oh my
god that hurt me to say I'm sorry this
is what I'm talking about do you think
reunions like that are of diminished
value now that we have like highly
connected social media cuz I think so
now that like Facebook is a thing I
don't think I've always thought that the
idea of reunion from people from high
school is useless because if I wanted to
stay friends with you I would have
stayed friends with you too cool like no
I I don't know I was friends with no one
in high school so like why do I want to
go back to a bunch of people bullied me
like I
don't it's also kind of
fair if that's your experience no he's
above it I am he's risen he's like the
cream he's the cream whoa soft opening
anyways uh the last video on Elijah week
was Creator versus Super Fan cringe
cringe name we both said it was cringe
when we started filming nice um Sammy
definitely stacked the questions in
Linus's favor no he didn't even but if
you haven't gone and watched it you
should still go
he didn't even I love this look on your
face the confidence of you and me being
was this even a posed thumbnail or was
it feels like it's just a random slide
from the video I think all three them
are just random slides from the video
are you going to explain what Creator
versus Super Fan even is or you just
going to leave them that figured out no
basically um what happened was based on
the Sam upgrade video we did a couple
months ago there was one snippet in that
video where lonus mentioned that I have
an encyclopedic knowledge of LT and
everything and like our videos I've been
surprised by this a few times no but but
it's it's a thing it's actually like
it's a thing Jam today yeah and I got an
answer tell you what tell you what why
don't you come on my podcast and instead
of me talking you talk that sounds
good it is Elijah week
I that's a pretty good point no no no I
was I was no I was trying to I was
trying to I was trying to pump you up I
was trying to fluck your
it's like high school again what's going
on what's up talking bad about me no
one's talking bad about you Sammy you're
doing great yeah we're not talking bad
about you right now not right now that
was before you're doing great um go
watch the fight
okay I'm I'm working anyway what I was
going to say was and why are you here
there's literally been times when we've
been looking for like a prop or like a a
product and Elijah will be like yeah
there's that video like 2 years ago
where you guys used it and we like go
and it's like still there like that has
actually happened so so his his
knowledge of our videos is
actually unsurpassed or at least that
was the theory yes where where does your
encyclopedic knowledge
begin oo I would say Langley house I
watched during NC days but I would say I
mean you were like nine yeah exactly so
I would say that I was became kind of a
hardcore just watching LTT every day
when you guys were in the Langley house
that was a very based period of time to
be watching every day I remember when
you guys passed a million everyone
agrees that the content was better then
and has only been downhill since then
100% whole room water Coen too let's do
it I mean who even are these like
ancillary characters we have now what
the is an Elijah I remember when in the
Langley house we we
started he's a prophet for the first
time and it was like controversial we
did what sorry we started videos for the
first time oh I know super controversial
you know what sucks about that though I
used to be like so good at ad libing and
I suck now like I have to do multiple
takes of things I used to have some of
that that's for that's for losers
because of uh hosting live at shows and
now I don't have it anym yeah dude it's
it is it's a thing that you can practice
and you can get really really good at
like the whole getting a product
briefing on something and being like
okay shut up turning to the camera and
nailing it like and then doing like
eight more of them in the same day yeah
you can practice it but if you don't
practice it it doesn't matter how good
you are it doesn't matter how
experienced you are it is not like
riding a bike yeah okay Elijah could do
it someday maybe I'll ride a bike that
was no I was alluding to that you don't
know how to ride a bike wear helmet oh
yeah well that was actually Up For
Debate being the third video on Elijah
week I had pitched backflip tutorial
Colton had denied that uh yeah which
why did you even ask Colton I didn't I
asked I asked Sammy and I I said we
should beg for forgiveness instead of
asking permission absolutely not what if
what if they went to like a gymnastics
center I don't care look he's talked
about this publicly already so I'm not
disclosing personal medical information
that he hasn't already put on the
internet for some reason Elijah has had
half a dozen concussions which is bad
literally the last one had to relearn
his own birthday I'm dude listen I'm
building so when I say
back flips it is coming from an
extremely serious place and I am I am
saying that is not happening at work or
for work or for clo on my watch I'm
building resistance though the more
concussions you have not how it works F
news that's obviously fake news don't
believe that please for the love please
very much the opposite really so when
I'm talking about this and I'm like no
Elijah is not allowed to do back flips
it's not a meme I'm not meing I'm 100%
serious but no but yeah I mean why was
Riley allowed to do one in his
trailer I don't think he to be fair I
didn't know Sammy recorded that I didn't
know that he was putting it in that
video saw it dad my dad had a he had a
thing that he used to say to me okay and
I'm probably revealing more about my
childhood than I ever have before but he
used to say you're cruising for a
Bruisin what does that mean can you show
us I'll let you figure it out
Dan cover the
camera oh God so uh anyways no back
flips oh no l is please don't get blood
on the
set do you know how hard it is to get
blood out of this carpet I mean look
since we're being very honest right now
why don't we just reveal why we have a
rap sponsor for the show oh
yeah to cover the table
oh just in case something gets this
would probably make it easier to clean
too I don't know about that but I'm
assuming D br's skins clean very easily
with a soft
cloth over a thousand men tested man
hours tested fortunately fortunately no
one's seeing this because everyone's
watching the Jake Paul versus Mike Tyson
fight because otherwise we are so
cancelled right now well they'll watch
the VOD so we're we're screwed either
way we can delete the VOD we're good no
that's true we can do that no it goes up
I was actually asked to come on here not
only to promote uh Elijah week but
apparently talk about one of the topics
oh did you want to talk about it why'
you pick that one I have a screenshot
from James that says am I allowed to say
the p
word like corn oh am I allowed to say
that um of course you picked that one
okay I'll say yeah because of course he
did no I didn't I gu's a [__]
degenerate no no no listen listen listen
listen it's literally he's he's owned it
to the point now where we can't even
criticize him for it anymore I already
forgot about that whole topic so I was
really trying to be like what one would
he have picked I no I sent I sent James
a couple and I was like here's the ones
that like I'm fine and comfortable
talking about on on stream and he said
how about we go with seafood he said
pick the corn one that's on that's on
brand for Elijah you can say prawn prawn
okay we'll go with seafood sure so this
is a very seafoody topic um why don't I
do just the talking points and then
we'll open it up to discussion I'm sure
you'll have some thoughts react
oh the oh I know about it the original
article is from The Verge also CNBC
basically this has been reported on
Wicked originally a Broadway musical by
the way excellent so good is getting a
theatrical release on November 22nd toy
company Mattel released a variety of
dolls and other toys which pun intended
were for purchase in stores and online
retailers on the packaging was a link to
a website
www. please don't go there right now
especially not at work or if you're in a
family setting uh well you know what
I'll just say this
www.the nameof theh show.com I'm just
going to not say it which led to uh not
um not the show well it's a show of
sorts a different show a seafood show um
don't link it in chat mik stop it you
guys I've got it on my third monitor
stop to be fair I did fact check this at
work so sorry Luke um just wanted
to I was joking wait did you actually no
of course not I'm not psycho so the link
was I'm going to check the link
was I will not the intended link shut up
shut up shut up the intended link was
wicked
movie.com so that one we can check okay
we're going to go don't share the screen
just in case we're going to go to Wicked
movie. and hopefully nothing bad will
happen Okay we're good all right okay
Wicked movie.com November 22nd
everything is okay and we're still live
on
Twitch Mattel has since apologized for
this and removed the toys from online
storefronts quote parents are advised
that the misprinted incorrect website is
not appropriate for children or
Elijah the sorry I added the last bit
however the removal of the toys didn't
stop scalping from trying to buy what
remained on physical shelves flipping
the original misprint for as much as
$2,100 to be fair I don't know if any
sold yet let's open up let's open up for
discussion here um our first discussion
question is do you think this type of
thing happens often in media and we just
don't hear about it necessarily EG phone
numbers addresses or or other uh you
know placeholder info or or or
supposedly fake info do you think this
happens all the
time I actually put a note in there this
happened in one of our videos where we
we had put a placehold or something is
this the encyclopedia knowledge thing or
were you a part of it I was a part of it
and it became a big thing after what was
this I'm not going to say the exact
video because I don't want people to try
to Archive like go back and find it or
whatever but there was an address in a
video that we had put that was supposed
to be fake like a 1 2 3 4 fake Street
except fake street is an ual it ended up
being a real place and we we didn't
realize it until a day later because
someone had left a comment it was one
comment on the video like no one else
had decided to go check this and we did
check it but we must have either
misspelled it or got it wrong or
something but then all of a sudden I get
a message that said is this an issue and
I was like
probably it was some random address you
got to you got to just use uh 1600
Pennsylvania the like White House
address yeah my my my official address
on Netflix is still the White House
really I I wouldn't be surprised if they
mail like pamphlet things addressed to
me at the white house every once in a
while I I I and the the thing is I
haven't only done that on Netflix
there's some sites that'll automatically
block it if they see that but that's
been on a bunch of sites so that like
they almost certainly have speaking of
the White House that's another famous
example of uh the importance of top
level domains oh yeah do you not know
about this one
it's white house.gov yeah that's that's
the right one yeah
don't don't go to any other tldd someone
linked it is it bad oh yeah yeah please
remove it well it it was it they said it
used to be yeah it used to be it used to
be you're getting close it used to be a
seafood
website W there's a lot of them out
there well seafood's very popular oh
most of the internet is seafood I hear
the fourth most visited website is a
seafood website is it it's it's it's in
the top 10 I know it Peak at four at one
point that's that's a little TGA
Friday's unlimited shrimp and I know in
the top 20 there's like three or four
that would be a really interesting dive
actually what happened to the internet
during Co like how did people change how
they use the internet when they were all
stuck at home there is an amazing we
could have a whole series we could call
it
divers and look into the things that
happened on the internet Seafood divers
trends
there's an amazing graph for twitch when
Co happened dur twitch it's like oh yeah
we're slowly growing and then April like
just like DED it was insane yeah but
yeah do you think this happens in any
other media though can you think of any
other examples like uh I've heard of
this type of thing happening before um
but I don't I don't have examples off
the top of my head I don't know if this
one is true but um apparently uh there
was a tip line that the the US military
published it was accidentally like a
like a a pay per minute phone line uh I
I have not validated that but it it
wouldn't really surprise me that much
because a lot of those uh high-priced
like 1 1800 like paid numbers were that
so if you were to accidentally typo it
uh it would be pretty easy for it to be
one of those um okay and then going into
question two though what do you think
how long do people have to hold on to
these domains or phone numbers yeah so
that was my discussion question that I
that I put in because in some cases it
can be uh a situation where you you
publish printed materials so whether
it's on a package for a product or
whether it's on a pamphlet or whether
it's on who knows a sticker like it
doesn't matter um I come across all the
time whenever we look at anything retro
like like games for example Nintendo
helplines they'll have help support
lines they'll have websites
how long is like the statute of
limitations for having to having to keep
paying for that domain I mean not every
website can be freaking spacejam.com
okay Space Jam uhoh uh oh what's going
to load is this the White House no way
you told me to not go to it and you went
to
it yeah I said not to I said I went
to.org Space Jam is spacejam.com is down
can we buy it
no
way it like tried to redirect me to
Space Jam new Legacy like the like the
new one I didn't know that spacejam.com
was down you got to go to spacejam.com
1996 oh that sucks it does kind of suck
cuz did did they do a new movie or
something yeah they Legacy yeah yeah
apparently it was like not very good but
like realistically was the original one
really good I don't know I didn't I
didn't rewatch it in my in my Nostalgia
glasses it's good don't worry Luke I'm
with you but I'm not going to rewatch it
just in case it's actually garbage
honestly don't even know I I don't think
I've seen the whole first one seen it
great but it hasn't held up in my
opinion yeah all right um so yeah so how
how long should they be responsible for
continuing to pay the renewal fees for a
domain would you have to just like pay
up front for that whole time or
something to like prove that you're
actually going to do it cuz you can buy
100-year domains right like I understand
it's expensive and especially if you're
getting like I don't know x.com because
that's going to cost a million dollars
or whatever but at that point if you're
launching some big product and getting a
new uh new domain name for it you should
buy a 100 years sure but why should you
have to do that we don't I don't even
yeah we don't we have we've had domains
like I think uh do we still have um hold
on oh yeah we apparently still have this
um when I was doing an EV I had so many
questions about that D um this is
[__] your wallet.com which we
included in one of our videos uh ages
ago as so many questions whoops hold on
did I what just
happened okay H yeah there we go okay
it's working now so this was included in
one of our videos like a bazillion years
ago and is just a simple little game uh
where you dodge the expensive products
uh there's razor laptops hey why does
your why does the money spent go up even
if you don't touch the product uh I
don't know you're just spending money
because we live in a society yeah your
wallet right okay so it's like rent and
yeah so it's razor laptops iPhones and
red cameras that just come flying out of
nowhere and you have to try to dodge
genely really hard oh it's it's super
hard it's easier on a bigger screen
you're also on a trackpad and I'm on a
trackpad so but some of them some of
them come in they they they those red
cameras come in hot
brother they they comeing in real hot
and I think the red camera Target you so
you have to be constantly moving if you
want to
dodge oh god um so like this is a this
is a question that I legitimately have
how long do I have to keep paying for
this stupid domain because we made a
video with this joke in it like these
are iPhone 7S or something like this is
from like seven years ago we should make
a mirror of LTD store.com where
everything's just like 10 times the
price and then just redirect that to it
see if anyone buy anything can the going
forward cuz if someone that would help
cover our our like old domains and like
there's there's lots of domains that
we've bought over the years cuz we've
like I don't know thought like did we
buy makeup for bros.com I think so I
think we might have bought that at some
point cuz I thought it'd be like a cool
Channel idea like 12 years ago like like
men's makeup tips and stuff cuz men's
makeup was totally becoming a thing yeah
um we bought uh uh adequate um adequate
video service yeah we bought adate vide
service.com I remember some videos where
you jokingly said a URL and then at the
end of the video I hear you go please go
buy that right now and then I went to it
and it just redirects to LTT store so
like every time you crack a joke and I
think part of it also let some of those
go over the years sure but I think part
of it also though is like if you do say
that or claim it and then people who
trust you are trying to go to them in
the case Wicked you don't want it to be
malicious you don't want it to go to
something you also don't want someone to
be able to get it and and set up a site
that looks like yours yeah that's one of
the reasons that we've stopped Ming on
like coming up with domain names on the
show because people would buy them and
it became like a thing and they would
redirect them to LTT store or to the for
or whatevering that we would say that it
did that yep and then conceivably I
don't think anyone ever did this not
that I'm aware of but conceivably after
we talk about it they could I know of a
singular bad example you do okay so so
they could they could take that domain
and they could they could use it to
harvest data they could redirect it to
somewhere malicious um and we would be
we would
be we would feel bad about it whether
we're responsible for that or not I
don't know I'm not a lawyer and you're
not a cop so who knows but but but I but
I'd feel hurt in my feelings these so we
don't so we don't do that anymore that's
fair all right well someone just said
where is it one sec someone just said
adequate service.com should redirect a
flow plane it does and that one we own
so it's fine and I don't think we're
going to get rid of that one because I
keep telling Luke that I want I I've
wanted it for years to be like something
that if people dug deep enough into
float plan's sort of workings they could
like find it does it actually like run
any Services right now remember this I
think at one point we like thought about
it I don't remember if we actually did
it or not okay I still want it to yeah
that's FL adequate video
[Laughter]
[Music]
service old joke but it checks out well
cool okay is this he wanting to leave I
don't know if I'm suppos I feel like I'm
like Elijah's dad he's trying to get off
the phone well I don't want I don't want
to overstay my welcome I'll stay here
all day if you guys need me to I just
don't want to overstay my welcome sounds
good okay bye
okay I had to change because of him we
were wearing the exact same clothes oh
oh wow really you had a red sweater and
we we both had the cargo pants oh wow
what sweater are you wearing the oh I
actually don't know the name really I
just got get given to me okay it's like
a tell you what Elijah it's like a um
what's on the front of it a
plant a tree okay and what's it made of
wires okay try again try again cables
try again both technically
correct thanks Dan starts with a C
well cables starts with C CI it starts
with a K does not
Circ there you
go so it's a what yeah it's a tree
that's made of circuits okay try it in
the other order it's a circuit that's
made to look like a tree okay now reduce
now shorten it it's a circuit that looks
like a tree reduce
more oh circuit
tree that's so good it's good so yeah we
were we were accidental twins today we
even are both wearing black shoes with
white
Souls I can't get my leg that high yeah
which is why I don't let him do back
flips oh my God so I can do a
backflip I believe you I don't wish for
you to show me no I don't want you to
show me okay you can that's on the under
table camera for bye bye was a pleasure
where do I put this just on the ground
floor matt man says OMG Elijah I want
wanteded to believe he was being
deliberately
obtuse I don't know sometimes the brain
just doesn't do stuff muted who's muted
which one were muted you're not he's a
cute a okay get out of here I'm reping
that go go watch your fight I'm
reporting
that oh no small angle all right want to
One V one me umy wallet.com oh wow um
Dan do you want to set a
timer uh yeah sure I wonder if I still
feel this is going to be really hard on
track I wonder if I still have that
timer for the wheel of paint okay no
hold on we'll have to start at the same
time but yeah you can warm up get warmed
up get warmed up can I do this as an
overlay they we're doing this oh no oh
no it starts to go off the rails so
fast Okay one minute timer oh dude he's
got it look at look at is that a one
minute timer a two minute timer you
could just time it on your phone are you
ready okay so we'll we'll press F5 to
start yeah and then can you show our
screens uh do you have that
power you might need a
seig what camera are you on right now
you can also just switch between us we
go layers and then we go dude if you
just stand in one spot you spend a lot
of money uh yeah the reds man the Reds
the reds are pretty they're pretty
brutal they they're going to get
you those Reds they they add up real
fast
okay that looks good enough to me it's
so hard on the trackpad oh look at this
guy he's such a sweaty gamer that he has
to wipe his hands off before he plays
yeah literal sweaty gamer yeah all right
let's do this thing I I hadn't I hadn't
thought about this site in so long
what's hosting it I don't know I mean
you tell me I think this is like way pre
the infra
team it's probably on like some Jake
thing you think so probably oh that
actually kind of makes sense that's
hilarious well who even made this game I
have no idea I don't remember anymore I
don't think it was my group are you
sure I I immediately started questioning
that in my head when it came up on
screen but I I don't I actually I
actually don't remember this was so long
ago some Jake thing ouch that's not an
ouch yeah he just has a lot of different
things I can't really like Define it who
can keep track of it uh okay Dan that's
that's good enough just set a timer on
your phone it's fine no you just have to
call it and then it counts down see oh
brilliant it's countdown that's what you
wanted right yeah brilliant okay ready
yeah yeah 3 2 1 F5 here we go here we go
here oh God oh God I got hit by I got
hit by Two Reds already dude I am like
done I don't think I I will never
financially recover from
this you can't you can't hang out at the
edges you got oh I got hit by another
red I'm dodging I'm dipping I'm weaving
I'm
trying I'm making oh no oh my
god look guys this is way way harder oh
shoot it's way harder than it looks I
think I was doing better before I was
competing okay hold on I'm 20 seconds oh
crap that's so long no okay okay shoot
Focus I'm pretty sure he's crushing me
oh my God two more iPhones 10 seconds
two more iPhones another razor blade oh
oh oh my goodness I had three three RED
cameras come for me two one and the
wheelers
look
$300,000 spent to Linus's 930,000 I got
hit by so many RED
cameras all right you can get rid of
that H that's going to take like half an
hour sorry
GG oh yeah that makes sense
uh okay I'm going to just yeah cool
there we go now I can close that uh what
are what are we supposed to be talking
about let's talk about announcements
what even is this show I can't even tell
anymore it doesn't matter does it like
was less than 50k for so long yeah I was
killing it for a while and then I
started getting smacked those red
cameras dude they come out of nowhere so
brutal they're so fast and they crank
your score up so much anyways um gg gg
brother GG indeed um yeah we're doing
announcements yeah let do it
merch did you just call the merch
messages merch oh we're doing merch
messages we're doing merch messes okay
explain merch messages do we get here's
a question before we do that do we get a
new name for it what I'm not even part
of that
team I'm kind of tired of it being
called
merch that makes sense what do you what
you call bonus spin
items uh oh yeah what do you guys call
the bonus bin items again that's an
internal name we don't we we don't need
talk something toally stupid I want the
merch messes fre free item upsell or
something free upsell it's the fuss the
free upsell shelf that's an internal
name okay I want merch messages to sound
like that um oh man yeah okay so what
are what are other competing products
upell message you got you got super
chats that's what YouTube calls them
you've got twitch bits or cheers or
they've got like a billion different
ways you can throw money at additional
live order
comment what is that a l o c uh yeah
that's really not rolling off the tongue
Dan yeah that was the point um Money
Talks Money Talk Money Talks yeah it's
it's not bad um super
bits parasocial message super parasocial
message is pretty funny super bits is
pretty funny send me a PM like which
which one of you is going to sue us we
took half of both of you okay totally
changing the subject object why did we
stop calling them
PMS why are they
DMS because they aren't always direct
one to one but they're always
private what the [__] I don't understand
it group chats I'm a boomer and still
call them the M pretty often or no
you're converted no no I I was just
thinking about it too much P's pretty
often I think sometimes it also mut it
again I need to fix something what's
going on got them okay well whatever
matters on the
context like in video games I still call
them
Whispers right cool uh apparently it's
fixed now but like I bet you if I was on
Twitter I would call it a DM because
everyone calls it DMS on Twitter yeah so
I think it's the the context of the
platform and you never say like like
slide into your PMS that's a little
weird yeah it sounds like slide into
your night which I mean realistically is
probably a similar inent um but feel
like if you're on the if you're on the
Forum you call it private messages if
you're on Twitter you call it DMS if
you're in a video game you call it
Whispers functionally they're all the
same thing pretty
much anyway ex Whispers but um handy
daily deliverables
HDD the acronym is good but the soy yeah
the alliteration of merch messages is
really good I mean okay would it satisfy
you if we just changed it to merchandise
messages
like cuz merch is just short for
merchandise perch messages I'm tired of
the like perch messages yeah like
purchase ch ch mes so now they're
PMS t e r c h yeah you send us a PM a
perch
message I don't know I forever calling
them additional live purchase I keep
reading threads where someone's like oh
like I bought the screwdriver and it's
like the best screwdriver I've ever used
and I'm totally converted so surprised
considering it's YouTuber merch and I'm
just like ah yeah I know it's painful
because that's for a lot of people the
foot that we have in the door to get
them to try
it I instead of it just being a good
product yeah and then everyone's is like
it's good
for being a they'll say in the same
grouping of text they'll say like this
is the best one ever and it's good for
being a merch product and those things
sound so different they're separate they
are really very different
things I don't know I bet it wouldn't
even take me that long to find uh to
find a comment like that like that yeah
they're all over the place uh cuz I
don't necessarily think that people
understand what the takeaway from that
is for like us you know what I mean um I
don't know I think I'm just kind of over
it at this point I mean I'm uh no I'm
not like I get it but I also just um
swag chats swag is worse in this context
oh swag stuff we all get means just like
garbage AliExpress stuff that is
rebranded it's like a lot
worse we can leave it it's just I don't
know I just I want Creator Warehouse to
be able to break out of the the bubble
um that they get put in with a lot of
other Creator merch well what's really
frustrating for me is that that um if
they don't belong there if more people
used Creator Warehouse then more merch
would be merchandise instead of being
merch um but I mean realistically I say
that but we have to open the doors we
don't really have the capacity to take
on uh other creators anyway like we
still have we still have a lot to learn
some of them want it I know real bad I
know poor Luke every time he tries to
pitch float plane to a Creator they're
like
okay neat but um by the way what about
that other thing you guys do can I get
in on that and it's like um I think that
the and I also just I think the Creator
Warehouse model is inherently
incompatible with a lot of creators I
have Tri because it's not merch I don't
know if I had this conversation with you
but the most recent one that we had that
conversation with which they they're
theoretically joining flane as well but
they are also having this conversation I
I tried to like talk them down actively
this time I was like I wonder what
that'll be so I started going over like
all the the I don't know if I want to
say downsides all the difficulties of
doing it the way that we do yeah where
you have to like hold inventory and pay
for things up front with no net terms
and like all it's a hyper risky oh no I
totally understand want to do it that
way sounds good no
problem and threw out a number of like
yeah I expect like getting inventory for
this stuff would like cost about this
amount and I was like Wow yep that
sounds probably about accurate including
like R&D involved and everything else
it's like
okay this is uh sounds good I think a a
really positive example of a similar
thing I've been looking for a
screwdriver like this one for years I
don't care about this being a YouTuber
product it's something special do
yourself a favor and pick up one or two
yeah like I don't I don't mind it in
that context I agree but there's
absolutely ones like said not usually
like that I think that's okay that's
okay I mean yeah I with how long shop
Talk Shop talk oh shop
talk no that has a super negative
connotation um it sound it the flow is
good and as much as like you know I
never shy away from an inuendo like our
verified actual gamer program you're
banned from like
saying saying AC yeah you have to you
have to say the full name verified
actual gamer shop Talk Shop talk yeah
well it's like locker room talk like oh
yeah like it the the like is that a
thing just the boys you know kind of
yeah I think it I think it has a pretty
I think it has kind of a toxic
connotation person probably just
disconnected from this I don't know I've
never heard of it um just go dumb with
it and call them PE PE poo poos I mean
honestly purchase PMS you know
PPS all right I got a big PP here from
uh no maybe
not purchase
merch no it can't say merch oh right
right right right right um additional
live purchase
comment we're not doing that
Dan stop trying to make Conrad's in chat
I'm so down replacing all the coffee
with PE PE poo poos
now why is my dashboard
changing she like the reply button just
says poop
man I love I love no JS reply and then
you you pee it for us to
reply I see here people here saying uh
talking shop means something else
entirely that's M liper 89 that's
totally fine that's totally fine I mean
other than that people like often don't
like it because you're supposed to be in
a social context and your talking shop
like that's that's usually the context
that I hear that in uh can we not talk
shop right now like
like yeah yeah that's talking shop which
never bothers me but um I understand
yeah most people don't like their jobs
Luke It's my job is my whole life so I
literally don't that's why it doesn't
bother I never really turn off so have
other things to talk to people about and
realistically because of my job it's
usually what people want to talk to me
about anyway so what is the point of me
even like do people want to hear about
my cats I mean some do but like tone
down the parasocial relationship okay
like a a lot of people ask about my
birds too yeah yeah that's true and and
I don't actually have a problem with
that I like talking about my cats but I
just mean usually when I run into
someone at a social function they're
like okay whose dad are you like you
know which which sniveling you know
snot-nosed crying creature you know
belongs to you know came out of or or
into you know your
various guy or lady parts right like
it's it's basically which Critter is
yours essentially um and and then
they're like okay yeah so like what do
you do and I'm like oh I I usually I try
to not and I try to say I I work in
Media or I take I make videos say I do
Tech yeah okay that's more true for you
than it is for me I try to give a true
answer that doesn't sort of I make them
pry on paper sort of oh what do you mean
then I'll be like oh okay I'm I I make
YouTube videos and I'm pretty sure
you're still actually a
CEO yeah
technically I might technically still be
more than one CEO I'm not sure oh cuz
don't don't forget about all the
companies that like are not like the
normal companies okay but you're a CEO
of a company that has employees yeah
yeah I know yeah yeah I'm technically
still the CEO of float plane but that is
such hor [__] so I remember when you
told me one day that it was going to be
me and I was like yeah
sure I mean look if you want the
promotion go talk to my
boss no it's fine I don't really care I
just do all the things yeah pretty
much pretty much um call them product
placements hm that's kind of interesting
because they buy a product they Place
their message product placements yeah
that's not bad I always like
alliteration PPS yeah so does pp is
super unbrand think I was talking to
somebody else about that today cuz I'm
deploying this thing but it's for
production and it's going into
production so it's the production
production and then we have LTX Expo
which is the lonus tech expo Expo we
whale Land We hosted a land event land
event yeah the whale land event that's
pretty good too right so this one's
pretty good too uh RAM random audience
message that's the one I just reacted to
that's not bad pretty good I kind of
like that one you can say Ram me Dad and
then and then we could stop letting we
could stop
all right I think that's enough show for
me for today it was so fast it's been a
really nice
Friday I had a great week you can't go
off camera after he says that you can't
go off camera to where he is also off
camera
noop subscribe now for only $15.99 per
month oh no when are we starting when
are we starting only pls.com
again yeah not today cuz we had to
people making those
links I'm not blushing you're blushing I
think we do only ples I don't remember
I'm pretty sure we own only pl we we
probably did but don't go check yeah
don't check um oh my goodness uh sorry
it just it just blurted out it was so
fast yeah I didn't have time for my
brain to think about that sorry that's
how sometimes a lot of the best BL will
calm down soon yeah okay can we get
through some pees L do not own only
planes so okay I think that was because
we decided we were going to call it
something else oh yeah that's right we
did that cuz it's kind of a terrible
name yeah I mean yeah it makes
absolutely no sense not at all yeah um
what what are we supposed to be talking
about right now you're supposed to
explain what a merch message is oh right
yeah and then we read one uh merch
messages are the way to interact with
the show um actually no I'm going to I'm
going to call them product purchases or
product product check out chats I like
checkout chats a lot oo checkout check
chat and Conrad coined it I'm sold it's
almost like having you know people who
you pay and who are smart and who like
do things for a living techn is better
than just listening to your audience he
also named it fuss um that's a good name
shut up free upsell shelf yeah that's
not as good I mean but that I mean
that's that's the thing internal
name you only I'm an endless defender of
names being basically whatever you want
as long as you can differentiate between
what the things are and fuss has always
been very clear on for our team so it's
been fine it's not clear it's going to
stay F so dumb it's never Chang okay
check out chats okay check out chats uh
so if you want to send a checkout chat
all you've got to do is uh go to LTT
store.com so instead of doing super
chats or twitch bits or anything like
that where you throw money at your
screen you get nothing in return we have
checkout chats so you go to LTT
store.com add something to your cart oh
cart chats maybe I don't know and the
point is it's in the cart not the
checkout which is part of the checkout
doesn't matter the point is process when
we're live there will be a box in the
cart you fill that out and it'll go to
producer Dan I still like check out
chat's better it'll go to producer Dan
who will pop it down there uh like if
you have a shout out for your mom or you
know your brother or whatever if it's
your birthday something cool like that
uh Dan will forward it to someone
internal who can answer your question
question sometimes Dan will answer
questions himself and other times he
will curate your check out chats oh we
got all the
seers it's not always wcho um sometimes
he will Cur at your checkout chats and
he will give them to us so that I can
say Ram me Dan
and and he
will people are saying that we should we
should keep the out in the
acronym check out chats
M okay why oh stop I'm saying people are
saying that I'm not I'm not I'm not
saying that myself the the some of the
the people have been saying that and
then if we have like a checkout chat
counter then we could spell it with a K
yes like is that is that really where
you're going with not me should I just
should I just stop leaving any ambiguity
here we're going to call them [__]
Dan
me I've had a lot of practice over the
last year so uh yeah um all right I've
got an additional live purchase comment
also known as a checkout chat also known
as a merch message here from Thomas uh
sorry no not from Thomas somebody else
uh hello Dan and the photon reflectors I
used your AI support bot last week was
that in response to the secret shopper
video or in the works longer kudos for
including I need a person is escape
hatch that's a that's a dashboard thing
from them but I think it was in the
works for a lot longer I I had heard
about it yeah way long time ago
basically I think if you go back to the
W show where chat GPT like went public
beta or whatever um I think we probably
talked about like support chat Bots
being becoming way better and we
probably like talked about it on that
show or shortly after that yeah I think
they had been kind of riffing on the
idea for a while I'm I'm 99% C and
that's that's just the creative
Warehouse team working with um their
their customer support tool provider um
yeah and how about what are there really
that Dan are there really that no I just
have backlog today okay there's still
like 30 in income he's been busy
ramming there's been a lot of
interruptions but I got some more here
okay do you want another one yeah I mean
I don't know hey W DL is it likely that
the commuter you're not too
tired no no I I can go all night just
get some water I'm used to doing this
for 6 hours you know this is this is
easy I hate when T out of
words who. DL is it likely that the
commuter backpack will launch Before
Christmas um likely I hardly know
her it doesn't
matter
okay uh I think the hope is to launch it
before the end of the year but I think
the odds of you getting one before
Christmas are basically zero that's
that's what I'll that's I'll say with
confidence so it launch a little bit too
late for shipping to be able to line up
I think so it might even be launching
after Christmas shirts yet no it's dude
do you have any idea how long production
and shipping takes I don't care I just
want it I don't want I don't want to
think I want work that way this is the
whole want it Luke this is the whole
thing where our model like doesn't work
for Creator merch because we're just if
something goes out of stock if we Gap
out on something we're out of it for
like 4 months we don't we're not just
buying Fruit of the Loom T-shirts from
some local distribution warehouse like
we we make stuff the worst part of this
is that I I I was like I feel like I
have a
dealer and now I'm in like forms of
withdrawal because now I I only have two
shirts the first hit was free and now I
put on any other shirt at all and I'm
just like wow this is notably
inadequate where is my proper shirt but
then doing laundry like literally every
day cuz I only have one short SLE when I
don't want to wear long sleeves every
other day so doing laundry literally
every day for a shirt gets a little
nuts by the way before any of you try to
solve his problem Oh and send him a
shirt I thank you so much for the
thought I appreciate the gesture the
person who it was very kind who bought
some of our tall shirts packaged them
back up from overseas and sent them back
to Luke overseas shipping and everything
Unfortunately they were not Luke size
and also you don't have to do that he
gets as much merch as he wants it's fine
did you send them back I haven't yet but
I will be okay yeah super nice thought
but um don't do that he's he's just
whining I appreciate the concern he
doesn't actually want anyone to solve
his problem yeah part part have a type
part
of I'm kidding part of I'm trying to
Hype the shirts because I want them to
keep doing well because I have a
personal vested interest in the tall
shirts doing well because if the tall
shirt's doing well there's a higher
chance that we'll do more colors more
colors like so like I want to keep kind
of reminding people that they exist and
they're awesome yeah we're on it because
it's good for me yeah we're on it we're
on it and I I think genuinely a lot of
people that don't really fit in normal
shirts very well don't even necessarily
know that there's like an alternative
yeah to like having their belly poke out
every time they lift up their arms
honestly yeah so yeah um all right
should we anouncement yeah should we do
announcements finally uh yeah let's do
that announcing Black Friday Cyber
Monday 9000 it's our big freaking Black
Friday and Cyber Monday event not only
are we going to have some big freaking
deals on some of our most popular
products that are going to be happening
all week I heard that LTT store is
working with some of our partners to
deliver some big freaking bundles that
will include some really cool Tech okay
I found out about one of these bundles
literally on set earlier as I was doing
the read for it and I kid you not I
didn't fake this I'm not that good of an
actor I was like is that right because
it is an
absolutely smoking deal I I had a
colleague I had a colleague back at NC
that used to refer refer to Deals of
this magnitude as [__] hot
it is a [__] hot deal I that brought
back weird memories I feel like I heard
this phrase U anyway I don't remember
who it was there will also be Flash
Deals that are going to be happening
throughout the week popping up at random
times so if you've been eyeing anything
on the store I implore you to head to
lm. g/ bfcm and sign up so you don't
miss any of the deals that are happening
some of them are that good you are not
going to want to miss them The Branding
is also sick if I can this look looks
pretty metal it looks awesome if you
scroll down they have the scroll all the
way down the biggest freaking
deals I get it sorry sorry I'm going I'm
going what what no well we can't go that
fast Lop we're we're trying to promote
this yeah but there's a funny line of so
these are examples of things that we
might have deals on okay um big freaking
deals happening throughout the entire
week moments notice you'll want to be
signed up for multi-bit ratcheting
screwdriver scribe driver magnetic Cable
Management big freaking bundles is a
keyboard one of the question things is
pretty obvious what particular product
it is what this one the middle one I
actually don't know what that is
really
oh anyhoo this is cute yeah that's what
I was trying to get you to scroll to
yeah big freaking deals yeah uh so guys
make sure you sign up um I'm actually
serious right now I'm talking to you as
a parasocial friend not as a as a Shyer
trying to sell
you um yeah sign up because you will
actually be kicking yourself if you miss
some of these there's some there's some
really really good deals coming um all
right also introducing the circuitry
hoodie so the one that Elijah was
wearing the one I'm wearing today ever
been told to stick to your roots well if
you're even half the Nerds we are we
have the hoodie for you the circuit tree
hoodie get it it's circuits that are
shaped like a tree anyway they're made
from our 100% cotton hoodie blanks so
they're going to be nice and soft for
this winter season and they are going to
be print to order so if you add one to
your cart everything in your cart will
ship once these are ready get yours
today at lmg g/c circuit tree uh we also
made lm. g/
circuitry um in case you hate puns so oh
I I see okay so you can spell it either
way that was actually smart circuit tree
and also circuitry that's smart um
Whoever thought of that as smart that's
actually that's actually that's yeah
that's smart probably Arty I I think I
that seems like an Arty move um and then
finally we have a November float plane
Early Access drop we have another Early
Access release it is our smash Champs uh
badminton land Hall uh audio update Vlog
featuring The One and Only Mr Dan oh
that's me oh is it obvious from this
thumbnail that the uh your car looks the
car is being towed away your car no and
your car looks dirty um is your window
open yes the windows open did they
really in the rain did they really when
they did the toe I wasn't there for the
towing stuff did they did they really
the window open in the rain uh okay H we
uh oh shoot okay um uh anyway uh okay
anyway it's
um yeah it's uh it's a me and me and Dan
video and Dan talks about the cool PA
system that uh that we implemented in in
the land Center SL Badminton Center and
it's going to be really useful for both
L and badminton so I'm pretty pretty
excited and it's it's it's cooler tech
than it sounds like all right is this
movie Magic you didn't even see it
happen you didn't see it get towed I did
see it get towed but not when I was
filming that shot oh yeah cuz that would
have been like kind of a hassle because
it was like out on the street and the
audio terrible and stuff a whole thing
but yeah no I was I was there when they
tow it it's pretty
funny sorry sorry I was there I saw the
tow Tru pull in but then I was like
having a meeting did they not actually
like take it they just like moved it for
a shot yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah
yeah um okay look it's a Dan remember
that one time when you had to undo all
of the audio
stuff and then redo it again and then
undo it and then redo it again was that
fun Dan where on Earth was that oh that
was like the first one the first one we
did last week no for the the All Hands
oh God did you I blocked that
out that was so stressful you did an
inside out too and just like Boop just
throw that into the
void no that was brutal um but it it
worked I guess someone said uh Shyer is
a bad word just FYI is it I'm not aware
of it someone else posted the definition
it's considered a negative slaying term
that can be offensive and derogatory but
used to describe someone who's unethical
dishonest or unscrupulous especially in
the practice of law politics or
economics for example you might call a
used car salesperson a Shyer if they
tell you a car is one price but the fine
print reveals a higher price like I'm
not aware that it has any kind of like
like racial or gender or like whatever
um connotation so I was I don't know
that it does yeah I don't I don't think
so not that not that I'm aware of I mean
there's always new there's always new
words that I you know finding out for
the first time have some kind of
connotation like I had no idea that you
know the function someone in chat said
it's anti-semite but there's there's a
there's a link on law.com that I mean
currently goes to a 404 page but it says
it's not it's not a 44 page anymore I'm
not I'm not aware of that being that so
if it is I had no idea I mean dude
there's there's at a certain point like
there's all kinds of stuff that I just I
just like don't know like I okay you
know the the the main selling point of
our
screwdriver I had no idea that that in
the context of something that's like
shoddily done had like a like a super
can I say it maybe just don't but I had
no idea that it had this like super
racial undertones in certain context
yeah so I knew it yeah okay we use that
word here to describe like something
that's kind of shoddy like shanty town
and are like cobbled together uh um and
then uh we we used it in a video at some
point to describe something Alex made
you know um and people were
like like really upset about like have
no idea it's so I don't
know I don't think I'm just getting old
I maybe it's a combination okay I I'll
I'll concede that it might be a
combination but things just actually
move too fast these days and there's too
many words and too many things to keep
track of it's like actually difficult it
is it is legitimately difficult I I and
at a certain point you got to just I try
my best yeah um you got to understand
that not everyone's going to know the
like weird secret alternative hidden
meaning of every single weird random
word like I don't know some there's
there's you got to understand intention
behind certain things you know I don't
know I think you're asking a lot I think
so but it still like needs to happen and
I'm asking a lot of money from our
sponsors yeah like
Squarespace do you have any unique hobby
wow those are creepy um why not turn it
into a business with our sponsor
Squarespace Squarespace makes building a
website ridiculously easy dog yoga so
easy that even Dennis could make this
dog Yoga website in minutes amazing with
the Squarespace blueprint you get great
layouts and styling options ensuring
your site looks perfect on any device
Squarespace also offers award-winning
templates for all kinds of categories
helping your website stand out plus they
they have integrated optimized SEO tools
so you show up more often to more people
you can even invoice clients right on
Squarespace and accept payments through
debit credit a and more we also have
used Squarespace for years for our own
Linus Media Group website and you can
start building your website today and
get 10% off your first purchase by
visiting squarespace.com
the show is also brought to you by Ridge
just a quick reminder to all the Santas
out there if you're looking for a gift
this holiday season now's the time to
shop with our sponsor Ridge without
breaking the bank Ridge has their Black
Friday sale going on right now with up
to 47% off select products if you're not
familiar with Ridge they're a longtime
partner of ours known for making slim
minimalist wallets that can hold up to
12 cards unlike traditional wallets the
ridge wallet is built to last and they
don't just make wallets they also offer
key cases luggages super durable and so
much more whether you're treating
yourself someone in your family or a
friend rid's deals make it a perfect
time to upgrade your everyday carry so
don't miss out on their Black Friday
deals head over to ridge.com when to get
up to 47% off oddly specific the link is
in the video description finally the
show is brought to you by rocket money
are you trying to save money like Dennis
by collecting Hotel mini shampoos or
sauce packets you don't have to live
like Dennis you can save Smarter with
our sponsor rocket money you might be
spending hundreds of dollars on
subscription service serves you don't
even use or remember you have with
rocket money you can see all your
subscriptions in one place and if you
don't want them you can cancel with just
a few clicks and that's not all they can
even negotiate better rates on things
like your phone or your internet bill on
your behalf you can also create a
personalized budget to help keep your
spending on track rocket money has over
5 million users and has saved a total of
half a billion in cancelled
subscriptions saving their members up to
$740 a year when using all of the apps
Fe features so stop wasting money on
things you don't use cancel your
unwanted subscriptions by going to
Rocket
money.com all
right uh all right sure we can all right
Dan is that is that another Ram joke no
muted oh you were M if you want another
Ram joke he said we're a little behind
on topics I you certainly aren't talking
about mine I tell you that
much oh my God
H more topics sure oh yeah get us out of
here Sony employees talk about that one
sure Sony employees allegedly selling
personal data of users in a recent 23
minute Instagram video Guinness record
holding trophy Hunter
hakum has claimed that his user data was
sold on telegram's black market by Sony
employees hakum has over 207,000
trophies including 7311
platinums wow that's a lot there's a
note here I'm going to read it for btim
these are not my words dumb PS Fanboy
David I think David actually wrote that
so I just that's why I'm saying it uh
has less than 3,000 total trophies and
three platinums for
reference wow whoa so buddy has
literally as far am i reading this
correctly 7311 platinums means I 2,000
times the number of platinum trophies as
dumb PlayStation Fanboy David yeah a
little bit
more is am I correct Platinum means you
you got every trophy for the game I
think they're just some of the harder
trophies okay um and a platinum trophy
might also include get every other
trophy I'm sorry I I I don't know
because digital trophies for playing a
game are not real
Awards hot take cont I think some of
them can be fun to go after I I didn't
say they're not fun but games are meant
to be fun and if it isn't fun then [__]
it challenge can be fun
sure I'm I'm sorry I'm I I I am oh
boy should we just move on there are
more important I feel that there are
more important things to feel a sense of
achievement over are you being that
reporter talking about the the tetris
kid maybe a little bit maybe a little
bit but um touch
grass that kid though seemed to kind of
have his life together other than being
really good at Tetris
so you don't know that hakum
doesn't no no I'm just speaking
generally hakum might totally have his
life together yeah I'm just saying
Tetris kid I wouldn't have said that
about Tetris kid because I think there
was additional context that the reporter
was ignoring like apparently he had like
good grades and like like it was was an
active kid who was just really really
really freaking good at Tetris so I
don't know anyways the trouble started
when his uh hak's PSN account or
Playstation network account got banned
in September while trying to recover his
account he got messages with screenshots
from a good Saudi guy what no I think
it's Saudi but sure Saudi sure uh
showing that hak's personal data and
PlayStation account info was being
leaked on telegram the same Source also
claimed that the accounts had acquired
the info by bribing Sony employees
although most of the evidence in the
video was blurred to protect hakum it's
probably good um it does include a
screenshot of one of the offending
seller accounts using an email with the
official poliany polyon polyon polyon po
poony I believe it's how it's pronounced
poony the Studio I don't know uh digital
domain maker of Grand Turismo okay sure
uh he then started getting calls from
one scammer using multiple numbers who
claimed to be from Sony's customer
service but would eventually ask for
hak's credit card number around the time
he got answers from the real Sony who
claimed the original ban was due to
suspicious activity on his account such
as having multiple PlayStation devices
in different
locations uh it's possible he had people
helping him get trophies oh which is
against the TOs as well as popping
Platinum trophies after just seconds of
gameplay this is possible both by
playing trophy farming
games
what uh or when Auto popping by loading
a 100% PS4 save into a PS5 game or a
100% save into the save game from a
different
region what okay uh so okay can I go
back to my
point none of this is
real none of this is going to get you
girls uh really there might be one
PlayStation trophies there might even be
two tell you what some could say
possibly three you go find
them I could go as far as this box right
here next week
someone might step
up someone might step
up a girl they might who would be like
wow you you you you slide up next to her
at the bar you pull out I got 7,3
platinums and Playstation check my PSN
and she's like damn can I go back to
your house to see them maybe really
maybe really
maybe there's a lot of people out there
you don't
know someone in chat says it shows
dedication
I'll let you
continue
uh where even was I after two weeks he
was GH 26 says you won't
cheat uh well I don't know because the
the story is claiming that on her cuz
you've got no time cuz you're busy
playing PlayStation go ahead it's a
pretty good argument um after two weeks
he was informed his account would be
reinstated after 45 days with
strict uh censorship but then there's a
note here saying that I think he means
monitoring which makes sense well PL
chat is great she'd be a platinum
Digger you guys are great you guys are
great why did I ever look at the other
chats okay go ahead sorry sorry sorry
although he wasn't informed at the time
he had been taken off the press list
don't know what that means uh I wish
there was uh more concrete or verifiable
proof of the data leaker being a Sony
employee
as
uh I think this is Riley this text in
the dock yeah um as personally I don't
think the presented evidence is
sufficient to be 100% damning definitely
spooky though and I mean I would agree
with that statement anyway the other
part of this this is just kind of one
example of how your personal data is not
really that safe um we've seen other
examples of this in the past I mean uh
Tesla employees famously were swapping
uh videos uh that were recorded on
people's Teslas um if you put personal
information on the Internet it's not
safe well I mean yeah but there's
certain stuff that people have an
expectation should be safe um an another
another example that was given was um
someone trying to and and I have no
verification of this whatsoever uh but
someone trying to find out if someone
was cheating on them and trying to find
an employee to give them access to the
account to the email account by bribing
them um conceivably there are reasons
that certain departments within a
company could have access to just about
anything like any Department that's in
charge for example of monitoring for um
child sexual abuse material C Sam could
conceivably have access to just about
any DM or PM or email or whatever the
case may
be pretty crazy by the way rest assured
says [__] me in the ass
messages tried to get him tried to get
him I was saving that you're a little a
little bit too late dang it um I'll get
him someday I'm going to get him
someday all down his shirt it's been a
long time but I don't want to bet
against that I'm going to get
him um Dan I just got
that go back to your show I'm going to
leave now before I get Beat to Death
you're getting
close my goodness uh there are
discussion questions sure um if tofa
wasn't a thing do you think you could
hack into other hosts accounts and steal
their
info um hosts yes accounts like you mean
like our like like our hosts I'm
assuming he means this is a WoW comment
I'm assuming he means like us oh yes
um yeah I mean pretty pretty easily
honestly honest without tofa like I have
for instance I mean am I allowed to use
every tool at my disposal I mean I think
so cuz like I can access it's acquirable
by in fact I think all three of us have
access to the surveillance cameras so
all I would have to do
is contrive some situation okay set up
where I have you log into your account
sitting like close enough to a camera
and I I can just like see your password
I'm not going to go over all the reasons
why but literally any account you have
would be hilariously
easy and like these ones and I have
literally gained unauthorized access to
Luke's accounts before I made a joke the
other day you remember that uh when
literally logged into one of your
accounts or one of your computers I
believe it fully and I was just like you
were like huh and I was like yeah I like
guessed your password and you were right
the the other day I was making a joke
about um like
uh anyways I was making a joke that the
conclusion was that like someone would
need to be able to access the stuff on
my desktop um and someone made the
comment of like how would we get in I
was like lus knows the
password so so yeah you already have it
to like some of my stuff yeah so it's
it's one of those things where like the
the the easiest way into someone's
account is is obviously social
engineering and the better you know
someone the more easily you can social
engineer them do you know how do you
know how quickly and easily I could
social engineer Luke to type in like a
dozen of his passwords all I'd have to
do is is go get an OMG
cable put a keyboard in front of them
and be
like okay let's do like a typing
challenge test but but I don't want it
to be random things I don't want it to
be random things so like okay I'll tell
you what just like leave the dock as it
is but like type your your most common
like type your type your keeper password
and type type this and type that i' I'd
probably sniff that out that's a little
bit too I could come up with find
something come than that but like
realistically if you have physical
access to someone I could just put an
OMG cable on his keyboard and then
eventually I would find everything yeah
I mean it said host right so I mean
these have a lot of like extensions and
stuff I'm sure you could get you
something under the table for never
really notice for sure 100% yeah that's
why I was so confident of media like we
have physical access to each other's
computers yeah so easy like it's over I
can see all of your cables from my desk
yeah right yeah super easy yeah y it is
what it is uh the next one is what can
we do to protect our info against such
vulnerabilities as Bad actors within a
corporation not much um don't don't
share passwords across sites try to try
to like lower the the impact of the
potential damage use use autofill
autofill is better than typing in
passwords because it closes the
vulnerability to a key logger or to an
OMG cable it's still not perfect but it
helps a lot helps a ton no but it helps
uh yeah and uh rer rer says air gap you
can't air gap nothing is air gapped not
really
yeah well I mean yes but no yeah but
yeah but also
cuz there's ways to deal with things
when they're air gapped as well I I I
I've talked about this before people
disagree with me that's fine I I hate
that we use the term airgap for things
that aren't quite literally air gapped
drives me nuts there's a there's a
company that makes uh Network equipment
pulls it out that like physically
disconnects the port it's pretty crazy
um over the management interface um and
like I I was like does this really need
to exist and then I was like yeah
depending on what the level of security
that's required is yeah I I I I could
see I could see an administrator being
able to literally remotely disconnect
any port yeah I could see that having a
huge
value anyways moving on we got more
stuff yeah what what are we talking
about um an Intel AMD merger is an idea
that was reportedly floated by the US
Commerce Department um our headline says
it might be less outlandish than it
seems but um I actually strongly
disagree I think it's I think it's
pretty um I think it's pretty outlandish
I also think that the rumors of Intel's
demise are um have been grossly uh
exaggerated over the last little while
like I think it's more a very serious
difficult to properly recover from trip
not a fall yeah I Intel is not Intel's
not like going out of business tomorrow
also my understanding of they got free
coffee now yeah also my understanding of
the whole like x86
licens is that actually oh I don't know
if if intel and AMD both agreed yeah I
guess there's no third party that would
step in and say no also just as
consumers we don't want this having
literally only one x86 company also I
just don't see the synergies like AMD
has their own designs their own Jam
Their Own Drum that they're marching to
right now they are they're a fabulous
company and they're they're killing it
at that doing better and Intel for all
of their challenges with it over the
last few years is a Fab Company and um
that is that is their competitive
Advantage if they can if they can regain
it um and I just I just don't I don't
see what they would uh I don't see what
they would need from each other
necessarily even um it is worth pointing
out that this sort of thing has happened
in the past I think this is from the
digi Times article uh Lockheed and
Martin Marietta were merged during the
Cold War JP Morgan Chase acquired be
Sterns in 2008 um in 1968 the US
government encouraged Pennsylvania
Railroad and New York Central Railroad
to merge um that I I don't I don't know
if I'm convinced any of those things
were better for consumers in any way so
let's not route for this I guess would
be all I have to say about that but um
generally less competition is bad yeah
there is immense endless proof of this
yeah you don't want
consolidation
yeah
cool nice speaking of uh highly
Consolidated uh companies and integrated
companies Amazon is apparently taking on
Shen and teu with a new sub $20 Amazon
Hall it's a mobile it's mobile only okay
that completely kills like my plan for
this for wano the only reason this is in
the dock is because I was like LC and I
should shop for LS what am I looking at
is that a phone on a dock that is
capturable by the stream I think I think
Dan's away for a second but I that's set
up for something else but I think we
could oh cool okay well yeah anyway I
had wanted us to or maybe that is set up
for this I'd wanted us to shop well
Dan's not there Luke he's not there who
are you talking to you're like looking
past the camera at Dan he's literally
not there you can see he's not there
yeah he's he's there in our hearts
though um anyway he'll come back he'll
come back uh so it's a mobile only
shopping experience can we just call it
a his mic is still on I just kicked it
by accident oh no just because we can
hear it doesn't mean oh okay okay okay
uh hey Dan what's this phone for oh
that's for a segment oh so it is for
this oh sick what a guy bad bad
no it's cool Oh no you're good okay so
we're going to we're going to shop do
you have to do anything phone is this
all right watch me hack oh there was
there was some reason watch me hack into
this phone Dan
explained and and hacked he's
Elite he's in the Gibson Elite hacker uh
okay cool so does it have the does it
have the shop on it yeah I'll do the
thing oh I mean well I I could have
hacked it I could have hacked it yeah
can it yeah probably okay we got go to
Luke's laptop oh
oh oh that's cool and now it's Mouse now
it's a wait now it's a what now now it's
a mouse deck cuz I couldn't find the
iPhone oh we're using decks laptop okay
what yeah Luke's laptop what's on what's
supposed to happen to Luke's lap oh
brilli should be in Google at the bottom
genius okay so you mean Chrome or oh oh
I understand oh that's funky yeah okay
hey there we go we're on mobile but also
not mobile okay so it's it's Amazon
Halls uh Amazon Hall way to go Dan uh
okay as modern retail points out Hall is
already inundated with misleading AI
images on product pages this program
marks a strategic shift for Amazon as it
directly competes with platforms like
Sheen and tenu in the cheap junk Market
Amazon Halls focus on lowcost Goods
raises concerns about product quality
sustainability and ethical sourcing yeah
I mean if those weren't already concerns
for you on Amazon um I think a lot of
people will say that they care about
that and then they'll go to a website to
buy something and be like that's
expensive and then go to something like
xen or teu or something like that and be
like oh wow I'm going to buy that I
suddenly don't care dude the number of
people that virtue signal to me about
all kinds of stuff and then immediately
you're going to be like $4 for a little
mini broom what a ripoff I could get it
for two it's like well yeah like anyway
uh Luke laptop so it's important until
it affects my wallet okay so what are we
what are we looking what are we looking
at here this is a little bit I traino
Vision not going to lie um Dan how much
do you know about about decks is there a
this don't know I couldn't like figure
it out in time unfortunately um okay
well what's this let's let's look at
some stuff this is mobile only which is
why we're on Deck really don't think
it's a shoe Luke and it's probably
designed for phones not for 16 by9
monitor yeah I mean that makes sense
what was it what was this product it say
it says below the picture did I just add
this to cart it says below the picture
above the color selections above the
what what are you talking about oh
shoelaces for athletic boot shoelaces
for men and women one pair okay well
where's the
price where's even the price for it is
the price in the bottom right down are
we are we covering the price I forgot
yeah maybe you are we requesting a
desktop version of the site I don't know
what have you done Dan I don't know I
tried to get it together very quickly
you know what good job Dan um okay you
have to resend your head Pat as well
yeah uh okay what's this we got uh like
a
ram where's the
price uh you can't see very well I don't
know I don't know where the price is uh
what is this
product I think it's pants or the are
these other products yeah these are just
completely other different
products weird you buy a do you see any
AI images yet I mean this is just badly
photoshopped like that person is clearly
not standing in that room expect it to
be better if it was an AI image Jordan
said that you have to select one for a
price you have to select one go back up
I thought we did but didn't I select one
yeah are we on a product p yeah I'm on a
product page right you got to select a
variant oh okay this one what what no no
no no I figured it out I figured it out
this one okay double tap to zoom nope
not necessary this is a picture viewer
almost certainly you need to go back
yeah go back oh okay and down just a
little more yeah a little more there you
go pick a size pick a variant I thought
size size oh my God okay so a medium
okay cool where's the price where's the
where's the bloody price down a bit more
grass green more like green uh did it
say unavailable go back up oh up up oh
my goodness look at this guy's biceps
ripped dang go back up dang wait how but
how is his shoulder so small good how
can he have biceps this big and a
shoulder like
that shoulder no I don't I don't I don't
buy it Egyptian cable L raises okay what
is this no those are awful so free
shipping on free shipping on
$25 what am I
even I feel
like I feel like we may need to just use
the mobile app version of this I'm going
to try to verify so wait it's an app I
can't go to a website it is only a
website it seems to be it's only a
website it's only a website okay what is
it called but it's only mobile Amazon
Hall yes is there a way to force is is
there a way to force the browser to open
the M version I have absolutely no idea
uh you might be able to try the um the
Kebab menu top right I can't see it
because of the two to three more topics
thing oh okay so I can't I can't oh
hello sorry okay cool so no this is
mobile site but but we could call for
desktop site so I'm looking on I think
it's just amazon.com now I'm looking on
my phone too and I also do do not see
price this just Amazon actually
identical okay so what how do I do this
so is the website just terrible I don't
understand what I'm looking at in the
Amazon mobile app oh yeah yeah yeah you
can yeah someone just said you can use
web tools I want to buy this true sorry
let me buy it okay I don't know how to
get to the site even yeah sorry where do
you want me to go though like what is
the domain uh I don't know it's just
amazon.com search in Amazon Hall how do
where is that what makes something
Amazon
Hall uh I don't know if you if you close
this out the search bar is pre-filled
with search in Amazon
Hall uh-huh wow this is this is absolute
chaos go back to the top okay so I'm
back here so see the search bar says
search oh God sorry there's a lot of
gestures on this trackpad here this is
the worst expence oh my God uh what am
I this is like watching my grandparents
try to use a computer this is this is
horrible and I can't there's nothing on
here so I can't like fix it on here and
then go back
to oh wait what oh oh I can't share M
trying out loud no no we got you I got
you just like give up on this good
effort Dan this is going in the garbage
uh this
too why do I
bother there we go okay here we go are
we good well I can't I I don't know how
to get there oh but wait but you found
it well I have mobile version on a
desktop so I can more easily navigate
okay um okay so now what I just I don't
know where it
is
uh.com yeah Amazon home did you Google
Amazon Hall yeah Google Amazon Hall oh
oh amazon.com hall/ store here we go
here we go chat to the
rescue guys I'm so sorry this must be
incredibly hard to watch okay okay
unbelievable finds what do we want to do
men's golf pants stretch let's do
it it's an unbelievable find
Luke okay here we
go where's the price where's the
price free shipping on $25 I have
selected if you keep scrolling down just
switch it just loads things
forever I don't understand where's the
price see oh there was apparently an
error at the top of the you need to be
logged in you have to log
in oh
ah okay long
story but I do not have the 2fa for my
Amazon account so I cannot log in was
that taken away from you were you a bad
boy no I just don't have it cuz Ivon has
it okay yeah well we both use the same
account and only one of us has our phone
number on it
so there you go I mean there's solutions
to that yeah but I don't care yeah cuz
like whatever Fair fair enough who cares
it's an Amazon account uh apparently you
can use the whole app but yeah we're
trying to show it to you guys so we want
to use the site I could sign into it but
like I don't really want to sign into my
personal Amazon account don't I don't
blame you um so cool kuichi says you can
borrow mine nice uh you know what I
don't know if I care
anymore yeah cool nice I think I'm over
it um so Amazon Halls everyone yay
thanks
Dan um I thought when you had the whole
rig it was an app okay no that's why I
had to do the whole rig cuz it's just a
bloody website but you could just
request anyways whatever it's
fine what okay whatever I only learned I
learned about this 20 minutes before the
show started you know what I'm just
going to show people how it works cuz it
is actually like that's probably a
really good idea okay do some learning
for this traffic fire who I didn't mean
to do that okay if you have
12 and then click on this little oh I
already did it so if you have 12 and
then there's oh hide the merch message
at the top there we go this little
button right here that shows like a
laptop and a phone if you click on that
you can get different you know
responsive design Dimensions so now it
thinks I'm on a phone right so you can
view and experience websites potentially
your own website if you're trying to do
development in different formats
different screen sizes stuff like that
so you can you know you don't have to
own every single version of every single
crazy stupid Android phone um also I
just noticed this what is
that I don't know but it's cute that's
awesome anyways that that is actually
like a cool fairly handy thing if you
didn't know about that it's kind of neat
all right uh speaking of things we
didn't know about we have talked a
couple of times about the Sydney Island
deer cull on the W show yeah and I
received an email this long wow about
our discussion apparently I was very
wrong and misled um
okay and I did click this link and I
spent probably about an hour uh poking
about on it and it is less far less
stupid um
than we have been led to believe and led
you to believe so am open to mind being
changed I have a hard time believing
that but I am I am open to facts so what
uh what we talked about was there's this
island that has an invasive species of
deer and um we were laughing about how
the Canadian government has apparently
hired uh International helicopter
Hunters to come in shoot them and we
kind of talked about how Hunters would
have paid to to hunt those deer and etc
etc etc um and there are a lot of
reasons that I wouldn't have considered
for why that is not actually a real
solution
um so one of them is that it they have
attempted that multiple times and the
problems with the solution of just
having Hunters call them is that they
don't get everything and whenever they
don't get everything the population
bounces back pops right back up not only
that but when that population bounces
back um it is every single time a more
difficult population to call because
what Theus what the population there has
learned is that during hunting season or
during hunting activities There Are
Places on the island which is populated
by humans There Are Places on the island
that they can go where they cannot be
hunted safely by recreational hunters
and they will camp out there they will
hide there they'll wait there and
they'll just wait it out closer to
people I'm assuming because you can't
shoot closer to residential areas um so
they'll hide there they'll hide in areas
that are extremely how does extremely
difficult to access on foot which is
where the helicopters come in got um and
basically what I was what I was not
aware of and what uh I have now had my
mind opened to is that rage bait
headlines like that rarely tell the
complete
story in response to your question
before the show did it really need to be
like a culling company from New Zealand
coming across the entire half of the
freaking world to come do it well they
did a bidding process and they won the
bid it was that simple that
decision so they were looking for
someone who was qualified in this type
of call they put out a bid and that
company won the bid so that's why I
thought it okay and one of my problems
here is I'm getting a lot of uh my
information from like random sources
that I've come across here there I
thought it like didn't work very well
and they only got like 80 of them or
something uh so I think it's uh don't
quote me on this but I think it might
have actually been paused for now like I
don't know if I don't know if this
actually paused now but as far as my
understanding goes that that is because
of the fencing killing deer that they
didn't want to was like non-invasive
deer or something I think it's
completely unrelated to so it is
possible that this won't
work but when we were laughing about
this on the W show and we were like
here's all the other things they could
have tried they have okay they have
tried that's fair enough I still
massively question the whole helicopter
approach so apparently there are parts
of this island that are extremely that
part is interesting to me inhospitable
to human traversal yeah you don't want
to be like hanging off a cliff trying to
shoot a deer but deer can access them
yeah um so there's an entire there's an
entire Parks Canada like micro site
about this whole thing what's the issue
what's been done what have we tried uh
for literally 40 years uh we've tried
hunting and culling and etc etc etc um
eradication a globally proven
conservation method why here's the
timeline why are we doing this um here's
a huge
FAQ um that is a lot I spent a lot of
time reading it um it may not work it
may not be excellent use of funds it's
not obviously stupid
either uh see I think my biggest problem
was the use of funds made it seem stupid
sure um like this this is the I think
the specific article that I had found y
so like I don't know and that's you know
what that's fair enough maybe it didn't
work and maybe it turned out to be
stupid I don't know but it was not their
first choice
yeah I don't think I said it was their
first choice no no we didn't but they're
basically it's not just a completely
irrational completely stupid thing
either so all I'm saying is that the
truth is often nuanced and
rarely just yeah I do know that some of
the prices that were thrown out were
wrong
because the that wasn't the co that
wasn't the cost of like the helicopter
shooting people that was the cost of the
entire project which as it tends to go
with government stuff included a lot of
other things um not not just you know
the helicopter crew it involved like a
huge amount of steps of the process
dealing with things in a trillion
different ways um so the the like
millions of dollars number I think is I
don't know if I would necessarily say
inflated but I think when people were
describing the project they were only
describing the helicopter part and then
putting the dollar value on which I
might have also done um so it makes it
sound like that was just for the the
helicopter portion which I don't think
is true I think there was like paying
native tribes and and doing a variety of
other things wow apparently Netflix
video quality is like all over the place
right now is is the main event happening
now is it's being streamed on Netflix
yeah I thought it was a Netflix deal oh
wow um has Netflix ever had a fight
before I don't know I mean Netflix does
all kinds of stuff so who knows I don't
know
um see people are saying not yet oh it's
the women's fight now well I mean that
is the only real fight like an actual
Main Event that's apparently like an
important fight oh okay yeah the like
like actual like legit Fighters and you
know stuff
fight uh yeah quality is uh quality is
apparently
terrible yeah minus likes cat fights
confirmed no no I don't I I'm not really
I'm not really like a Combat Sports
Watcher um but I know that Andrew is uh
I really liked watching one of them is
Irish
um and I also know that um you know
apparently this is this has been the
whole the whole circus show that is
accompanying you know this this women's
fight uh has been very helpful in
promoting women's boxing so okay I think
that's really cool um sure so that's
where I'm at on that I liked watching
GSP because it felt very
technical um that kind of got me
interested in Jiu-Jitsu that was a big a
big thing that led me into starting to
actually train Jiu-Jitsu was like seeing
like oh this is this is
like I don't know anyways doesn't really
matter I watched a sick like half hour
um YouTube documentary on this guy okay
he is an incredible story um I again
like I'm not into Combat Sports I don't
really care uh but Butterbean is like
officially my hero oh it's Butterbean
okay yeah I didn't recognize him immed
um so it's one of those things where
like I can I can definitely appreciate
certain characters or Styles and I can
definitely get behind like an underdog
nobody story and stuff like that but
it's not um I don't know it's
not it's not like my thing I don't
follow I don't follow it closely or
anything like that wow empo nor 47 says
Netflix won't even load Midwest us I
mean that's the thing I think people
don't I I think people for the most most
part don't understand what a fine
Balancing Act infrastructure is it's
also streaming they do a lot of OD like
how like how how razor thin the margins
are in this industry in some ways and
how how hard fought the efficiencies you
gain are and how um how dialed in in
tuned your uh your architecture is for
your your anticipated look
for your typical use case like like like
langly man said langly PC has 4K Netflix
so it's probably not a origin issue it's
probably more of an edge issue yeah so
it could be that where you are all of a
sudden there's like a dis a huge influx
of Netflix users for example taking it
down possibly that's crazy that's
genuinely pretty crazy that Netflix is
struggling under this that's that's
pretty wild yeah but but also it
surprises me and also doesn't mhm
because that's a thing you see like some
big game will come out and like oh oh my
God everyone like half of the Eastern
Seaboard is like internet speed is
slowed to a crawl like it these things
do happen not often anymore and and
credit to the folks who who design and
maintain these systems but it's a thing
guys yeah and like like L said live live
was
tough live sucks so much harder like
yeah I I you know I I paid for sportset
when uh during the playoffs last year
and like yeah I I was freaking annoyed
that the video quality was so crap kind
of like and that wasn't do the player
suck too I remember like yeah I don't
remember especially for like how much
well one of the details was that you
figured out how to Pirate streams just
exploiting their player so that's one
thing um that sucks about it like we
literally have better DRM than Roger
Sports which is pretty embarrassing I
learned so much about online video from
doing that oh yeah yeah yeah I wanted to
try to steal it for from my own
platform and then you can just do that
for everyone else's this well you learn
pretty funny um anyway like I remember
being annoyed about it but on the flip
side I mean for how much they're
charging I should definitely have gotten
better video quality but but on the flip
side I do understand that streaming
videoos really freaking hard it's
tough um all right what what what are we
supposed to be talking about right now
um oh the EU fined meta nearly 800
million euro over Facebook Marketplace
uh they're saying they violated EU
antitrust Rules by tying Facebook
Marketplace to their social network
Facebook which gives Marketplace an
unfair advantage over rival classified
ad Services the EC also found that meta
exploited data gathered from Facebook
users to benefit Marketplace further
solidifying marketplace's position and
hampering competition this includes
using personal data to display
personalized ads on Marketplace that
makes sense the EC asserts that met is
anti-competitive behavior limits choice
and innovation in the online classified
Market that consumers face fewer options
and potentially higher prices I I will
I I will say before there was like a
bunch of options and now everyone just
uses Facebook Marketplace but what I
will say is I use Facebook Marketplace
because it is way better than everything
that came
before everything before was pretty much
terrible text on a page and sites the
integration with Facebook and tying it
to a real identity and a real user
account where you can like rate
someone's transaction and it like
appears on their real like actual
identity assuming that they are using a
real account there's obviously fake
accounts but I'd like to think I can
tell the difference pretty easily that
is a
fundamental
what I just you were talking about how
they kind of crappy sites and this stat
has just always flored me they make that
much 50 employees annual revenue 694
million they just rake it in and always
have and then
just you know what should we do with the
website I don't know just make it I love
Craig a tech site with HTML links Google
should have stay as it's so basic I love
it you you back off my Craig cist
Craigslist is a is a
stunning company in website that just
people don't really think about and and
they don't even have like sex work
anymore yeah that was a thing wasn't it
oh 100% that was the only reason Craig
list existed I don't know as far as I
could tell yeah it began in 1995 so it's
been running for 29 years Revenue 660
million wow okay crazy absolutely crazy
um just one of those companies that yeah
doesn't get talked about a lot and just
Raks it in anyways sorry okay um cool so
anywh who
um yeah so I I I I don't know on the one
hand yeah they're they're right from an
antitrust standpoint they're like 100%
right um and and I wish that other
jurisdictions enforced antitrust the way
the EU has started cracking down on it
it would absolutely be a good thing
don't have much hope for the next little
while as far as that goes but hey Lena
KH we we're rooting for you over here
please hold on yeah
um I know there's nothing you can really
do about it but please from my point of
view at least for now until Facebook
abuses their position Facebook
Marketplace has been a very good
disruptor I love Facebook Marketplace I
think there's things that they could do
better what's the differentiating things
that you like I like that it's tied to
an actual ual profile that you maintain
and care about that is a reflection of
your personal image I think that
improves
accountability um compared to the number
of times I've been ghosted on something
like Craigslist um I like you ever try
to sniff out if an account is real or
not M I like that I like that messaging
is integrated MH that's super convenient
it's it's on an app that I already have
on my phone and already use so another
layer of convenience Craigs this emails
are a little Annoying mhm um and and the
fact that so many people don't include
any way to reliably contact them um like
people don't like putting a phone number
on Craigslist for obvious reasons but if
you don't have a phone number I mean the
best you can hope for is maybe 24-hour
return round trip times for
communication it's not fast enough so I
like the immediacy of arranging things I
like that uh maps and locations are just
integrated into the platform people
people have to say where stuff is on
Craigslist but it's not validated in any
way whereas Facebook it's just it's like
your location that you've selected at
some point and it's just like part of
the whole listing uh is is my
understanding I'm actually not sure
about that last one but everything else
that I've said I are things that I love
about Facebook Market Marketplace the
instant messaging makes trolling people
that post things for free or a dollar
and actually want it for a lot more very
fun I'd love to see Facebook crack down
on that I'd love the ability to report
Anyone who puts a price that isn't the
actual price um but that's probably the
only area where I would like to see them
innovate where it would be a meaning
change and then at that point it would
be basically perfect for me I I wouldn't
need anything
else I know they're a sponsor but like
they're not sponsoring this um I think
they're pretty much just doing computers
and stuff Java but Java seems pretty
good yeah they only do computer hardware
though and not that's a little limiting
not everything that I buy and sell trade
computer hardware is computer hardware
but I had like for scrab War I had a
genuinely good experience what's cool
about Jawa is because it's so focused on
computer Ware you can have like filters
and you can have you can have it's more
like a shopping experience for used for
used hardware and there is absolutely a
place for stuff like that but when it
comes to just random stuff I need like
scrap wood yeah yeah that's got to be
hyper local too yeah exactly Facebook
Marketplace is the solution for that
yeah valve no I know the valve one I
talk about that on on wench all the time
valve's like the most profitable company
there is per employee um bu East one
says that stuff's annoying on sites like
Zillow 2 no I don't want to see a
listing for a brand new home for Z show
me real shpping is so archaic it just
sucks as far as I can tell terrible as
far as I can tell the powers that be um
like it that way they absolutely like it
that way because they want their
commission and they want to be as
necessary as possible for as long as
possible Y and I'm not like this is not
like just some conspiracy theorist stuff
like or anything like that this is just
looking at the money following the money
seeing where it goes and why and going
oh okay it is in
literally no no one who's in a position
of power has any motivation whatsoever
to make this a smoother easier
experience all that would do is make it
so that they circumvent you yes that's
it
so why do that yep CU a lot of these
sites like they they do even have ways
to circumvent having a purchasing
realtor because there's ways to directly
connect to the selling realtor um but
you know yeah yeah no I want to talk
about skey Realtors I'll be right
back uh sure uh I drank too much water
I'll talk about an amazing topic while
you're gone uh Pizza Huts Pizza warmer
warm pizza with PS5 exhaust I don't want
to miss that one fine fine do it without
me I can go to another one no do it do
it uh yeah the pizza warmer is a 3D
printable
device oh so it's just a box that
channels air okay I mean that makes
sense it's a 3D printable device I don't
know if you want to put your food on 3D
printed uh 3D prints are food safe
exactly one
time because the small pores trap
bacteria and you cannot clean them can
you just put a plate in this thing maybe
that would probably would you want to
heat up a thing that goes around food
that is 3D printed that should be I mean
we're already full of microplastics
anyway shove more in there why not let's
go we're able to extrude more out to
make more pizza boxes I don't know uh
generally uh uh who knows I want to see
the
microplastics I want macro Plastics in
my system check I'm not a not a doctor
of pizza science anyways while it's
designed to keep Pizza Warm uh yeah
macro Plastics yeah thanks using the
ps5s exhaust heat there are concerns
about its ability to heat evenly
additionally placing a plastic the main
concern a plastic device near a heat
Source raises safety concerns and
obstructing the console's air flow could
cause overheating the the PS5 heating
box does not heat very easily 8 out of
10 on tech radar I was messaged this
internally by a writer a writer who is
highly capable in my opinion of making a
sick version of pizza heater version
2 and I I I I'm sure I came across
sarcastic and I was mostly but I
exclusive I hope that they take up the
banner I've always wanted to like we
could unironically go back and make one
that's actually way overbuilt and super
sick most of the people here could have
that done in like 20 there's so many
people here now that could do that
minutes I don't even mean 3D printing
though like Make It Sick yeah no I mean
like do the design for a sick one yeah
yeah yeah we have so many and we have
every single tool people now yeah so
like I I think it would be Wicked if we
were just like you know what we're going
to go back to this project that was
genuinely terrible make it really good I
mean like there was the there was the
car they did a car I mean done so many
things I don't know it's such a weird
marketing as far as I can tell if like
whisper project ideas near Sebastian
things just happen um he's already
texted me a couple
times like oh it's got an aluminum trays
you're not like eating the pizza off of
the uh the plastic I didn't realize it
sits on top when when I read this topic
originally I was imagining top yeah I
was imagining that it was like a tube
that kind of came out of the back of the
Play Station and then like wrapped
around into a box but no it seems to sit
on top maybe we should click on the link
and show people hold on I know how to
host a show sometimes wow the bare
minimum wait it does sit on top what are
you talking about no no no that's what
it actually does I thought it was like a
tube out the back but I don't own a side
of the PS5 PS5 has a giant fan hole in
the side of it yeah that dbrand made
some plates to expose they P I expected
yeah so it goes all the way around it oh
that's fine yeah it doesn't look like it
Heats very easly a garbage product
pulling inspiration from Pizza Hut Red
Roof the lid seamlessly opens like a
laptop for easy pizza access those
things don't line up what what Pizza
Hut what Pizza Hut roofs easily
seamlessly open I also keep my pizza in
laptops designed to snugly affix to the
top of your gaming console they don't
want to say PS4 or PS5 with a tray that
fits several slices it won't go anywhere
and you won't have to either
oh
God channeling Warth from the gaming
console's warm air pipe straight to your
pizza slices science and engineering for
the greater good great pizza maybe this
timeline is okay I like this a lot this
is an all right part of it this is this
makes everything okay I feel much more
like secure as a person now can you
approve a project for us doing I don't
have to be involved at all I feel so
validated by the uh PS5 warming thing by
the way not a stupid idea just bad execu
not called heater I
never I never pitched a
heater okay what do you want I I think
people at the company should actually
make one that's like
sick we should do it we have we have
abundance of talent in that realm at
this point we do it take a lot of design
time I absolutely think we should do it
we should do it it' be sick I'd be so
down yeah we'd have to figure out
whatever the most like efficient way of
capturing the heat is totally it should
be like overly scientifically over C
analysis we would do flow calculations
we could play around with the fan Curves
in the system to make sure that like our
our Target temperature is like as hot as
possible so basically we' we'd basically
run we'd run it at idle or we'd run it
fanless when it's at idle so that we
could keep so we could keep the actual
temperature of the CPU as high as
possible yeah dude I would be I would be
super down I think it's
sick I think it's sick you could
probably even like work with Pizza Hut
like imagine getting Pizza Hut to
sponsor it and you just make like the
the PC version yeah you're into reaching
out to Brands and things
now I'd be kind of sick actually like
unironically be kind of sick to work
with Pizza Hut on this do it I don't
know if I certainly wouldn't work with
Pizza Hut um why you don't like their
Pizza do you I don't know when the last
time I had it I have no
idea yeah I just think they have a funny
Red Hat it opens like a
laptop yeah Pizza Hut is like not good
pizza okay I mean I guess it doesn't
really matter is there a a pizza chain
that would have you know money to do
sponsorship that does good pizza I I
like Panago is Panago Canadian only
though I think
so pretty sure pretty sure it's Canadian
company oh okay well let's see at least
it was when I worked
there what what just what just happened
I tried
to tried to load this site and it what
just happened okay I'm trying to go to
okay contact us okay man remember when
companies used to have and about us and
it like said where they were based and
stuff yo they're from abbottford no way
what the first three stores for Peno
Pizza opened in abbottford in 1986
Abbotsford British colia
panagis two for one pizza place I
remember when it was called
Panagopoulos well apparently the the
actual name was panagis 2 for one pizza
place and then it changed to
Panagopoulos Pizza place and then it
later changed to panagis so you probably
saw it then yeah and then it shortened
to Panago that's crazy I didn't know
about any of the previous names before
Pano I had no idea they were just a
local company crazy the headquarters is
down the road from 7 Oaks Mall okay well
there you go so probably not Pano I mean
I don't think they are now I think
they're like Nationwide now but yeah I
don't think they're outside of Canada
all right then they've always been
pretty
solid I don't know maybe it doesn't
matter I don't think that pizza has to
be something that I like personally
endorse it's just literally a a a warm
object to keep warm so maybe maybe I
don't care that much okay so business
team if you're watching this I'm open to
working with whoever as far as the pizza
goes and it's not like I have to saying
fingering is good it's okay you're
saying their Pizza is being kept warm
like it doesn't collaborate with pizza
pizza uh their Pizza can serve as both a
construction material and content yeah
okay is pizza pizza also Canadian I've
never had pizza pizza uh it used to be
called Little Caesars oh
what right really no I think it's a sub
separ a separate brand I think I thought
that well that was their slogan Little
Caesar's
Pizza that was like their thing Pizza
Pizza wasn't it Caesar was American
though I know but we had it here but
Pizza Pizza is a Canadian brand oh it is
yeah oh never mind I know this
apparently not the same thing Pizza
Pizza is east coast wait it's separate
they're different okay I don't know
Little Caesars used to have pizza pizza
as they're like jingle you know I only
know that pizza pizza is a Canadian
brand because of because of baby no
money I was trying to figure out like
how do I know this even though I've
never been there that's why brilliant
yeah uh all right cool yeah pizza pizza
was just a slogan okay well it shows you
what I know um speaking of things that I
know I gave bad advice for washing the
backpack um in 2022 someone asked on the
Forum if the LT backpack was washer safe
and uh lonus replied in the thread
saying it's probably fine anything with
lots of little hanging pieces should be
placed in a mesh bag before putting in
the washing machine this is as much for
the safety of your washing machine as
the Garment I don't think we officially
advertise our bag as washing machine
safe but I'd be blown away if anything
bad happened if you run it on cold do
not put it in the dryer turns out hey
not sure if Nick has already messaged
you about this but can we please delete
this comment from lonus ASAP context
customer followed this recommendation to
disastrous
results um you just scroll down and
there's the
photo turns out it wasn't fine it's
weird to me that it it only really seems
to have happened in that one spot like
the rest of it looks I don't know how I
don't know how that would have happened
yeah me neither but but um anyway we
only recommend spot cleaning machine
washing is not recommended the bulkiness
of the backpack is likely to lead to it
being damaged in the spin cycle or
something like that um so you can mix
water with a small amount of laundry
detergent use that to dampen a watch
cloth and wipe clean then allow it to
air dry by placing it upside down in a
well ventilated space um I am blown away
that something bad happened to it but um
and like that we did replace the
backpack so not specific of an area and
like trust me bro I will give you good
advice or I will replace your backpack
yeah
whoops yeah pretty funny um I wonder if
what happened to that is the same thing
that happened to one of my shoes where
you know how you know how washers have
those like the arm things panels to help
mix up the clothing um one of my shoes
got stuck in between the sidewall and
one of the the whatever you want to call
them so like maybe the bag got like
stuck in there or something I have no
idea cuz that is weird and very oddly
specific I'm not sure how that
happen but
anyways anyway trust me bro guaranteed
to the
rescue Apex Legends OverWatch and
fortnite all launch classic modes as
Gamers play the same games over and over
and over and over a recent study found
that while the console and PC games
Market grew by 2.6% in 2023 90% of new
game Revenue belonged to just 43 titles
most of which were live service games so
if you were
wondering why live service games are
everywhere like a cancer that's why this
is why it's Gamers fault five games
accounted for 27% of all play time it's
only Gamer's fault fortnite Roblox
League of Legends Minecraft and GTA
5 50% of time spent playing new games a
maximum of 2 years old was on sequels
like EA Sports FC uh FIFA they lost like
Ling deal haha Nick plof apparently
worked on this one NBA 2K and Call of
Duty Apex OverWatch and fortnite all
came out over 5 years ago and are still
going strong Apex sees about 18 million
active players monthly OverWatch 2 sees
about 6.4 million daily not on Steam
apparently everyone hates it there uh
fortnite sees about 3 million daily I
have a really hard time
believing OverWatch 2 is bigger than
fortnite by over double yeah I have a
really time these all have citations uh
fortnite.gg um that's a 24-hour Peak
like just in the last 24 hours so I'm
sure they've had uh yeah they they've
definitely had bigger Peaks um the point
is just millions of players playing
these old games remasters and remakes
also incredibly popular Warcraft 3
reforged was recently updated actually
I'm really excited about this one uh
Warcraft 3 reforged got a 2.0 uh you can
toggle between the old and new graphics
and it apparently like tries to fix a
bunch the issues and this was released
alongside remastered Warcraft 1 and
Warcraft 2 I kind of want to buy it it's
like 40 bucks I don't know if I really
want to give blizzard Activision money
but I really want it I tried to dig out
my old Warcraft 3 disc and I like I
still have my key but I lost my disc
sure and but I have it in I have it in a
like a file type that no I no longer
have any way to like Mount to anything
and I'm just like I don't know buy it
demon tools demon tools anyway Diablo I
resurrected GTA Trilogy was recently
updated to fix a lot of issues multiple
years later Horizon zero Dawn remastered
why nick plof uh Resident Evil 123 is
weird it's Final Fantasy 7 remake uh
don't forget about the pixel remasters
of the earlier Final Fantasy games that
Luke is never going to get around to
playing will anyway the point is it's
it's a very it's a very long list recent
video uh video game remakes and
remasters um what is is basically our
discussion question is there are plenty
of games that needed remaster zero da
was not one of them what is the deal
with this Gamers
suck okay another reason new AAA games
are expensive while free-to-play games
are free a lot of these games are free
to play not all of them are but it's
free to play a game you already bought
like Minecraft for example my issue
isn't at all with the play time
my issue I think is with the revenue
being so concentrated on live service
90% of new game Revenue were 43 titles
most of which were live service games
that's the that's the part that stands
out to me if you're still playing a live
service game 5 years later are you
really playing the same game though I
mean the fact that they had to release
classic modes at all sort of suggests
that or acknowledges I kind of do agree
with that that the game has changed
enough and and that's their whole model
right is to keep keep taking that money
that they're making and putting it into
new content that keeps engage now that
can
obviously manifest in sort of um
negative ways manipulative ways um but
on paper the idea is not that crazy it's
almost like episodic gaming but more
money and more effective I
guess yeah and to be clear like you know
if you if you play some free game a ton
spending an amount of money on that game
that you think
is comparative ly worth the time that
you spent on it in order to reward the
dev I don't think is NE necessarily bad
but I also know people personally that
like back in 2015 had spent over two
grand on League of Legends it's just
like bro Avon Fox relax makes a really
good point here intellectual lockin once
you put that much time into getting good
leaving the game feels like waste of
time and it's not fun to suck I think
that's part of it and I I think I think
it's not fun to suck and people are so
sweaty these days like wow I
like genuinely spending your
evening just sitting in an aim trainer
all night is not a thing that anyone
would have done when we were growing up
and if you did people would have shamed
you like there were custom maps and
stuff for things like counter- strike or
whatever um but that was abnormal that
was something that like people who want
to go pro do or something that was not
something that average Gamers would do
most the custom Maxs for cter strike
were like Warcraft 3 mod so you would
get like lightning bolts that go along
with your M4 shots and stuff like it was
I I don't know it was a totally
different no I mean they were like aim
oriented I know I know I'm just saying
like now a lot of them are like
that back then they were weird little
fun
games like that's not I don't know man
that's not fun to me that's like another
job yeah I tried it once and was like
mm- I'll just be worse I guess okay
crazy
crazy side side tangent or not tangent
but a bit of a reach here sure are we
attaching more importance to our
accomplishment in our Hobbies because
we're feeling less fulfilled by our
work are we looking for fulfillment
somewhere so likely that it's
frustrating I can't I couldn't prove
this I think that's right though I mean
there's been there's been so much
commentary about how there's no real
progression you can't not only is there
no real progression in your work you're
not going to be able to progress in
financially in your personal life you
can't afford to buy a home for example
you can't afford to buy or really own
anything so is this like people who
dress up their dogs and stuff because
they can't AFF kids it's something to be
able to measure it's something to be
able to grow and be good at achieve it's
an achievement yeah um maybe Definitely
Maybe I know like there's this there's
the whole mail pattern anxiety thing I
don't know enough about this I might say
something wrong go figure it out
yourself yeah go watch a different
podcast if you want to hear
knowledgeable people yeah the W show is
the W show it's always going to be the W
show we talk about
ramming um that we know
about U the whole mail pattern anxiety
thing is that uh and again please go
look this up don't take me at my word
but um uh average male anxiety and
average female anxiety are different
things obviously there's there's CR
crossover whatever blah blah blah um but
a lot of men tend to get anxiety spikes
because of not being able to enact
positive
change um if they feel like they can't
improve their their environment if they
can't improve their work if they if they
don't have agency to to try to drive
things forward Rob dog here says what am
I actually even achieving in my 40-hour
work week my hobbies I do much better
yeah and that's a huge problem for a lot
of people they they have I don't know
what they're called like ghost jobs or
whatever um that's like a very real
thing I don't know it sounds pretty
likely sounds pretty likely to me
especially with how seriously people
approach it cuz that's the biggest
change that I've noticed yeah it's like
you could try to be good but you were
playing a game now it's you're trying to
be good and it's like life or death like
I was lucky you know I um I happened
it's not like I planned to work at a
company where progression was possible
like I got a little lucky I worked hard
I I earned my promotions obviously but
what I was lucky in being able to do was
having the opportunity to earn a
promotion that's not always possible
yeah whether you have an obstructionist
boss or whether you just have a
corporate structure or a union structure
that does that rewards time you know
rather than might also just be nowhere
up to go yeah yeah yeah or you're or
you're in a company so you you can be in
a company that's either too big or too
small to properly recognize you know the
exceptional work you're doing there can
be a a thousand reasons why career
progression is not is not a thing
um but um and so I I I don't I don't
relate to this but I can understand it
if that makes sense like what would I
have spent my energy on if every day I
clocked in did the same damn thing and
clocked
out I'd want to achieve something I'd
want to feel like I had power over
something but like for me my my job is
what gives me fulfillment but I also
have the privilege of having a job that
can give me
fulfillment and I do think I think that
is a notable not necessarily very common
privilege at this point no I I I I see
that and I do think that there's a push
and a pull I do think that part of it is
a structural problem and I do think that
part of it is an attitude problem I
think that there are there it's a
spectrum there's going to be cases where
it's 100% on the structure of this
organization I I I know people in my
personal life that I've talked to about
their work life and they'll complain
about how they they can't progress and
then they'll also talk to me
about the stuff that they do at work and
I'm like and there are situations where
it's 100% % cuz you're phoning it in but
I think as is almost always the case the
truth probably lies somewhere in
between yeah for most people um but yeah
it's
just it's it's made gaming kind of not
fun for me to be honest with you because
I don't have time to be sweaty and I
don't have the wherewithal to be
sweaty it's also I mean we've talked
about this extensively on W show but the
cheating problem is crazy now shroud was
fairly recently quoted saying that he
thinks in random pickup games on counter
strikes in count in Counter Strike um
the the chance that you have a cheater
in your lobby is essentially
100% really we we know that effectively
to be true with tarov yeah it's like if
you're playing a shooter game you're
going to have cheaters all over the
place um it's like cheater be cheated
essentially at that point then like it
gets which is sad pretty brutal that's
like that's a completely sad State of
Affairs I used to love playing online
Shooters and like you you always knew
that was a that that had been a problem
since when we were kids but it
was I don't think I was just naive to it
I think it was way more blatant you were
either very obviously cheating or you
weren't and now it's like a lot of the
cheats are a lot more subtle it's like
okay you better situational awareness
yeah you can't you can't catch that on a
killcam and people are like kind of
trained on trying to hide it now um like
it's it's and and the barrier of Entry
doesn't exist exist yeah I don't even
remember the last time a major streamer
got caught
cheating oh there's which given how many
of them got caught cheating in the old
days or maybe it just doesn't make
headlines anymore yeah no seriously
there's there's a YouTuber that has a a
series that has very many episodes in it
that is just streamers getting caught
cheating
um yeah
sad it's rough well I think it's time
for darn Clara dude how is it that Dan
leaves for like 30 seconds every time we
actually need him today yeah um okay
well why don't we kill time while we
wait for when after dark people are
talking about Netflix being like is
there any other topic we need to go over
no I don't think so the onion one nah
I'm over it um I just thought it was
funny yeah and but it's it's apparently
sort of unresolved now so we'll let that
kind of sort itself out yeah
how are you guys
doing how are you doing I'm all
right ankles how long do you think it'll
be uh I sprained my ankle at this doof's
party um I blame you I Blame You fair
enough um basically what happened was I
used to play paintball all the time and
a bit of an itch for me yeah it was fun
I well it was complicated I made I made
a concerted effort to have fun it had it
had
I go ahead public paintball fields i'
I've always had a problem this one had
more than I've had before uh in one game
I not even speaking for lius who had a
worse experience than I did I had to
replace my my uh you call them markers I
had to replace my my gun my marker um
three separate times in one
game that's a little bit of a lot yeah
especially for how long um I was waiting
for I I had to replace my marker five
times across two two matches and I
didn't even and I could have replaced it
more times for the issues that I was
having just like sputtering oh yeah I
mean I had that constantly I didn't have
a single gun that actually worked
properly but you know the worst that I
would usually have was like every third
trigger pull it would actually shoot and
then it's like okay I'll just shoot more
in the first round the like the second
round of the speedball map yes um I like
coordinated with my team I was like okay
you and me are going to go this way hard
we're going to like draw their fire and
we're basically just going to like lay
down cover and you guys are going to go
this way my marker didn't fire one ball
if this might this might Pat you on the
back too much but I saw that movement
happen and I knew it was
you cuz like we've played a lot of we
we've played paintball together before
but we've also played a lot of video
games so I know the type of like
strategizing that lus will do and I saw
like one person hang back at a barrel
which I guess was you and I saw saw I
think three or four different people
like launch up one side all at the exact
same side I'm like that's not normal
human movement that was a plan I'm
pretty sure I know who did that so the
problem is that because I was shooting
blanks you know in more ways than one
yeah there was no reason for anybody to
duck because there was no actual paint
Landing anywhere near
themap lit me up we did start noticing
on other maps that even if you're G the
fact that when you get to this level
strategizing you know it's kind of bad
but uh we noticed that even uh even if
your gun stopped functioning it would
still make the noise and you'd get the
like puff of like kind of smokey so
people would
fake I ran out of ammo yeah people would
fake and out it didn't work when I was
on that first map people figured out
that I wasn't firing anything I I the
first map it was I would have lit up
like between four and six people like I
I was they they were wide open because
everyone was looking at my guys that
were running it was just stacked oil
barrels so on the first map people were
ducking away more from the sound of the
paintballs hitting the the empty drums
on the future maps that wasn't a thing
yes so it was more effective later on
yeah but but I would have been able to
keep everyone's head down and I would
have been able to hit like half a dozen
people but because I wasn't firing a
single shot instead everyone's like uh
and so all these like pubs at the field
are like they were they were pretty bad
and I got up dude I got I got
obliterated I got team killed on that
map because I was I was so far up on one
of the sides trying to get far enough up
that I could like uh shoot you guys
broadside basically um and I was I was
on the side of the barrels because that
was actually more defense than being
behind them now so I was on the side of
the barrel and I I saw one of you but I
had to get back around to get an angle
so I come back around and my chest is
facing back at us and just square right
in the middle nice and I was like what
they were literally at the first Barrel
next to the spawn never moved ever I had
one opportunity to shoot someone the
whole game and it was
me okay um so anyway back to the story I
used to play all the time and uh I would
just play in whatever like ratty shoes I
didn't care about destroying so I never
had any traction specifically the
organizer of this party uh bless her by
the way um put in the thing hey make
sure you wear hiking boots do this do
that and I was like oh I always like I
never take my hiking boots for paintball
that obviously makes sense I should just
put on my hiking boots um so I brought
them anyway on the second map I was like
trying to do a push I was trying to grab
a couple of the noobs that had barely
fired a shot because they just hung
around at the spawn and I'll talk about
why that is especially stupid at this
place and a little bit uh but they just
hung around at the spawn and I was like
okay come on let's go let's push okay
you guys are with me let's go let's go
let's go let's go and so I was like
trying to get up ahead of them so that I
could kind of cover them to get into a
position that would be moderately useful
and I went sliding into cover except I
was wearing hiking boots instead of just
garbage
shoes sudden traction yeah so man I
immediately knew that I was very hurt um
so that's that's why dbrand has all
those videos of me hobbling around their
facility with a cane uh because I at
that point thought it was probably a
grade 2 sprain
I think now it's just a really bad grade
one um I was on the badon court last
night so this is about a week later and
I would describe my strength as about
30% and my range of motion is 100% with
only a little bit of pain but if I try
to actually put any load on it it's
probably like a four out of 10 like it's
it's still pretty painful I have a
tournament coming up so I'm super
especially not stoked because I was
wanting to be like training a few times
a week like get getting some last minute
you know feel in um and now I'm just
upset pretty much anyway let's talk
about why this field is trash and um
I'll be naming names because I'm
actually super mad yeah why know let's
do it um boom get
roasted some some of the ways in which
Delta Force paintball in Maple Ridge is
trash uh are sub are subjective so um
it's here hold on let's let's get let's
get the right location here um Delta
Force in Canada hold on what what is
this Calgary okay here we go the website
is maple rid
paintball.com big because of rifle
rounds yeah but but uh standard
paintballs are 68 Cal so quite a bit
larger now the benefit of 50 cal is that
it's friendlier for like children um and
people who
are um so that's good it makes it a
little bit easier to go do your like
stag or corporate event or whatever else
there um but it comes with some very
objective problems um so one of them is
that because they have less Mass um they
don't carry in a straight line for as
long yeah wow they were inaccurate well
there's multiple issues there yeah so
okay sure let's let's talk about the
inaccuracy so they're inaccurate and
here are the other contributing factors
to the
inaccuracy um I don't I don't know how
good the Regulators are but none of our
air tanks were full so they were they
were kind of like they were fullish um
the barrels are garbage on those rental
markers which is pretty typical but they
were garbage rental marker barrels and
then number three is as far as I could
tell looking at their their prep area
their process for like for maintenance
and cleaning was to like hose things
down essentially um then like they
they'd use a dirty Barrel squeegee and
be like okay you're good to go they
actually got mad at me for taking my
Barrel off being like this is wet
they're like no it's not I'm like bro
quite bro it's it's wet there's
absolutely no possibility whatsoever of
a paintball coming out of this going in
a straight line line has got in trouble
yeah snipped out was like don't take the
BR out um so so they're so they're
inaccurate problem number two is that
they because they have less momentum
inertia kinetic energy let's go with
that because they're carrying less
kinetic energy but they have the same
thickness of shell with less overall
weight and a higher shell to goo ratio
they're far less likely to break when
they hit you so in many cases they can
actually end up hurting more one one of
the maps uh the actually the most fun
map that we had I didn't really like the
game modes that we did it felt designed
to well I can get into that expend your
paintballs but anyway um one of the maps
was a they call it capure the flag but
it really raise the flag so you had to
pull on a rope and raise a flag um
and one of the the ladies that wasn't in
our group ran up to the flag and started
pulling it up my brother just shot a
million times and she was like reacting
to all the shots but the paintballs
weren't breaking and the field rules
were if the paintball doesn't break
you're not out so she got shot a ton of
times and it probably hurt quite a bit
but we like won the round cuz the bballs
didn't break my brother was just like
what anyways for context they were on
different teams yeah um okay so that's
that's issue number two with 50 cal
issue number three is is kind of tied
into what Luke just said where the game
modes appeared to be designed to make
you expend as much paint as possible so
they did like constant respawning over
longer rounds um
they part of this is just new player
Behavior so I can't really blame the
field for it but they have you so far
away with this paint that is inaccurate
and doesn't break that you because
you're a novice player and you don't
understand you have to get closer to
actually get get a kill it was also
difficult because I find the the 50 cal
it was really hard to tell on the first
map the speedball map you could kind of
tell if you were hitting because you
could hear it hit the drums but it's so
hard to see like normal paintball
whatever normal to me paintball you can
see a big Mark I can also noral I can
also often see the projectile I feel
like like I can tell if I'm firing
properly with the 50 cal I couldn't tell
if I was hitting or not so I had to kind
of like shoot at someone for a little
while then like no okay I think they're
out of range and then move
closer um so so now problem number three
is that you can fit so many paintballs
into your into your Hopper that it's
easy to just like use everything without
really thinking about it but that's
that's as much a you know a player issue
as it is anything else my my let's call
this my real number three is that
because 50 cal is a [__] standard
that nobody uses except
crappy uh fields for like crappy rental
markers there's a handful of conversion
kits that I'm aware of but for the most
part none of the custom decent equipment
and I don't even mean high-end stuff
like I never had a high-end marker I
have an A5 it's just like a a a beater
Huck it into the back of the car like
drop it in the mud and pull it out wipe
it down and keep going marker um tman
yeah tipan A5
um no decent marker is available in 50
cal no decent barrels are available in
50 cal so I do understand why Fields
want to
disincentivize these like gravy seals
from showing up at the field with their
fully auto that can be very annoying
their fully auto markers their crew of
everybody in you know camo Head To Toe
with a case of paint each and just
like light everybody up like that's not
fun for new players it kind of destroys
the balance of the game I I 100 100% get
that but the flip side is I can't even
use anything that fires reliably because
like I had my A5 in my trunk literally
can't even use it because of their
garbage field and their garbage 50 cal
markers so so those are my issues with
50 cal my issues with the field are many
they do have pricing on their website
you can you can see if you go into
pricing you can uh hold on hello there's
probably a lot of people on it right now
yeah so there's uh there's there's okay
hold on so we've got packages so you can
have a look at adult paintball prices
prices so you can see uh here's your $
1999 admission includes four to five
action-packed games and blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah uh oh packages on
the day oh you can get the recruit pack
Commando pack Black Ops pack pack shows
you all the things you get gloves
greenard blah blah blah gets all this
stuff sorry
what a half case for $60 Canadian
dollars yeah they don't they they warn
you they tell you on the day remember I
was with a group and a lot of people
will be I mean so I was there with a
group so they tell you on the day
believe it happened I didn't hear it the
paint is it costs more after after your
first round you got to buy your package
ahead of time but what they don't tell
you is that everyone in your group has
to buy the same package so if not
everybody wants a Black Ops pack with a
thousand
paintballs
um TS basically 500 rounds sounds like a
ton until your guns are incredibly
recruit pack yeah until your guns are
incredibly inaccurate and they have no
range so you're like test firing 80% of
your rounds and your guns are incredibly
inist % but a lot and your guns are
incredibly inconsistent so you can't
actually tell if they're even working or
not half the time so you end up
overfiring a
ton and I'm going to get to the very
worst part so the paint is ludicrously
expensive which again I actually do
understand the argument that I've heard
for expensive paint
at friendlier Fields is that if you have
those guys with their fully auto markers
showing up and essentially playing
speedball with TR to Nerf them a little
bit with fish in a barrel you're you're
basically trying to make it so it's like
nickel nickel so it it makes people
theoretically conserve conserve
ammunition and it makes those like
speedballer guys avoid those fields
which is a more Noob friend environment
or more intermediate friendly
environment so different fields are
tailored to different groups and there
will be days at some of the good Fields
I doubt Delta Force does this but there
where it'll be like a bring your own gun
only day and the paint's cheaper for
example yeah yeah yeah yeah um so I so
I'm on board with that but
$160 plus tax so the the total charge to
my credit card was
$180 for a thousand rounds
is utterly ludicrous it's crazy pricing
ludicrous they couldn't even give me a
full case for that they gave me half a
case um and like there's a bunch of
stuff that comes with it if you buy
ahead of time and if you buy it after
the fact you just get the paint and then
you go holy crap that's expensive then
they throw in like a couple little
random little extra
things like here is for um here's for
context here's a 2,000 count case of
marblizer from Empire which I don't know
if this is premium paint it probably
isn't but I recognize the brand I
haven't really played in a long time so
whatever the point is
$65 so the markup on their cheap ass 50
cal remember less paint even the markup
on their cheap ass 50 cal compared to
Badlands is what what's the math on this
so it' be like
$32.50 for a th at Badlands so they're
essentially charging me what does that
work out to like five times the price
ridiculous almost exactly and I haven't
even told you guys the worst part
um they don't count head shots yeah that
is beyond a shadow of a doubt designed
to make it so that you just are plink
plink plink wasting pains at each other
because because marker shots count but
head shot and they didn't even mention
that I had to ask yeah yeah head shots
do not
count
75% of the
exposed
opponent is their head all you see is a
hopper a barrel which you're not hitting
with these useless markers yeah
definitely not and their head yeah so
pretty much also the the safety never go
there the safety presentation sales
pitch I don't remember anything that was
about safety other than head shot don't
count and
then and I don't think I'm exaggerating
this time 80% of it was a sales pitch or
more crazy crazy crazy crazy that being
said and I was also due to no uh
positives of the field itself I had a
pretty great time yeah yeah I had fun
paintball is just fun running around a
field with an objective is fun I got
pretty mad about the number of times
that my marker didn't work and I had
just bought a case of paint for the
group so I had just spent like almost
$200 um and I sat out for probably a
third of that round um actually probably
more just like waiting around for like a
replacement Mark cuz so many people were
getting Replacements so I walked off I
was basically like look I think that I
should get a I should get a partial
refund with all due respect uh this is
you couldn't even play you only get
three rounds you can't play this is this
is ridiculous um I've had to replace my
marker five times over one and a half
rounds at this point cuz I I walked off
during the middle of the second round I
was like this is ridiculous um and also
I had hurt my ankle so I was like I yeah
I I I think I should get a partial
refund like I'm done um and it wasn't
even my money for the refund like it
would have gone to the organizer who
bless her did an amazing job of putting
together an extremely special party for
luk which was really cool genuinely
really freaking cool um yeah so so
anyway and they were basically just like
no we're not interested they they blamed
it on the weather after buying the
expensive case and I have played plenty
in adverse weather conditions if your
markers are maintained properly and not
complete garbage in the first place they
will operate just fine on a misty day
like we had like yeah if you don't clean
or dry anything yeah obviously like you
know balls are going to curve or
whatever else but the way the guns were
not firing at all or they were
sputtering and you'd [__] them back and
there's just like so much paint casing
just like caked into these things that
you can't even you can't even properly
pull the bolt all the way back or it'll
go all the way back and it'll get wedged
there and stuff like it's just poor
maintenance don't [__] tell me that
it's because it's misting and also if
it's misting in Vancouver that's a
pretty normal condition so you should
probably account for it so yeah I uh I
left them in AB absolutely scathing
review on Google Maps and uh you Delta
Force
paintball there's also I don't know if
you were there when we figured this out
but a bunch of the Google reviews talk
about how they uh incentivize leaving
festar reviews yeah they have no like
access to free water on site they don't
have running water and they'll give you
bottled water if you leave a festar
review right in front of them yeah so
some of the negative reviews point that
out they're like don't believe the
festar reviews they tried to get us to
give them a positive review by like
essentially bribing us with free water
yeah cuz like I've I haven't gone
paintballing very much but i' I've gone
some amount of times probably half the
amount of times I've gone I've been with
lonus um but I haven't had a field
experience that bad before so I was
stunned when I saw the rating was so
high and then somebody in the group
found that they had uh yeah there there
was a bunch of a bunch of the low rating
reviews were like I saw someone leaving
a fstar review because of getting a free
ball of water or or whatever else um
which is
like ridiculous cuz it's effectively a
paid review at that point
um yeah anyways apparently the fight's
starting so should we just give up on
retaining people on W show at this point
830 probably 8:30 yeah I gotta get so in
one minute oh yeah right okay Dan do you
have any merch messages for us to kind
of blow through here yeah sure uh let me
do the after dark way you get in
position there heck yeah uh greetings
dll waiting for cargo pants to come back
in 32 I was wondering why LTT on the
YouTube mobile app has picture and
picture without a premium membership
can't do this on any other YouTube
channel apparently it was like a pilot
program that they applied to our Channel
or something that's what I that's what I
saw on Reddit I don't actually know
anything about this I don't remember
anything so there you go by the way I
got you something me
yeah your
sweater what is this oh my God this is
horrible I
suck oh
nice nice these
coffeezilla uh shirts arrived a thousand
years ago they've just been sitting on
set and they've just been sitting on the
set I keep forgetting to bring them out
um so this was from the speaking of the
Paul Brothers um this is funding
coffeezilla
um legal battle with which which Paul is
he fighting with uh I think it's Logan
Paul coffeezilla yeah Logan Paul yeah
it's Logan Paul so the the one that
isn't fighting Mike Tyson so um there
you go and it says um I used to like
coffeezilla until he investigated me
which I thought was pretty funny because
he actually did upload an investigation
of me at one point but I still like him
I went to Micro Center recently and I
noticed that the OLED monitors looked
much worse than the OLED TVs I see on
display at Costco is this a Windows
issue or OLED panels just that different
it's probably a Windows HDR issue um
OLED monitor should look pretty good
might might have been a Content issue as
well not everyone setting up a retail
display knows what the crap they're
doing longtime listener first time merch
messager I don't think we're calling
them that anymore but okay how has your
experience been maintaining both a forum
versus a Discord server what led to the
creation of the LTT Discord we don't
really maintain the Discord
server to my
knowledge um I prefer forums I never
really go on the Discord but I still use
the
Forum I've been on the Discord a couple
times I think I don't know it just kind
of moves too fast for me I'm there's the
float plane chat on the Discord so I
lurk that um but I am I'm tradition a
lurker like ocn back in the day ncx
forums back in the day all that kind of
stuff I didn't really post much just
kind of hung around longtime listener
first time
Cocker love
it thanks full plan chat there one of
the chats of all time hey the genius the
bird Whisperer and lius got to butter up
the
curator how well it worked no I hate
that uh to lus genius bird whis do you
really just reheat your family's Friday
night dinner when w goes really long um
I mean Friday I'm never there for dinner
so realistically that's one of the
nights that they have something I don't
like so I'll just like have breakfast
cereal for dinner or I'll make I'll make
like a I'll make like a a tray of like
cheese Triscuits I have food prep so I
go to the fridge and go uh into
microwave 3 minutes
eat cottage
cheese um I think I'd rather die than
eat cottage cheese cottage cheese
chicken it actually has the consistency
of vomit and I can't I can't abide it
what's the name of bok choy cottage
cheese chicken
rice Frank's
Red terrible add the Frank's Red good
huh
interesting hi LL and Dan it's the day
of my cousin's wedding and I got a cold
just to mess with my day what's the most
inconvenient time you've gotten sick at
the wedding reception right now it's a
hoot
inconvenient the most recent scrapyard
Wars oh yeah that was super inconvenient
that sucked inconvenient time I've
gotten sick uh wasn't I sick at LTX
once I'm not sure I don't remember I
just uh I don't have time to be sick so
it's um like I usually just work through
it um I did take a sick day this week
but that's pretty like one that is
pretty unusual Monday
um does that even count if it was Monday
yeah Monday is my work from home day but
I was supposed to be in office this
Monday I think no no I no I was at
debrand this Monday I was in Toronto
this Monday and I was uh still not
feeling 100% but I
just yeah like
yeah uh no it was last Friday and I just
still came in for wano so oh yeah yeah I
think that was it or maybe it was
Thursday I don't know the point is
um inconvenience
sickness there's some really funny
videos I think there's like an Asus
monitor video from years and years ago
where like my voice is like super low
like frog croaky uh I missed a shoot on
Thursday that's what that's what it was
last week I missed a shoot on Thursday
because I was sick and we've actually
got a clip of me calling in sick
ivonne's got her phone next to me my
voice is hilarious like it's one of
those situations where when you call in
sick you call and you say hello and your
boss is like oh you're sick see you in a
bit yeah yeah like I sounded horrible it
it was a different era you know pre-o
was actually a very different time it's
hard to reframe and remember what things
were like so I'm just prefacing it with
that but at one of the packs easts I was
sick uh and I didn't know about you
know syrup at that time and I don't
think you know I had enough to do
anything like that but I had uh
Buckley oh boy and oh candy little uh
sugar candy o-ring looking things and
before every major take I would take
some buley and an
O-ring and then I'd just go for it and I
was just one-shotting every single video
so every major take was essentially a
whole video and then we would we would
go to the next one and then like I
couldn't talk and then I would take some
some buley and eat the gummy so that I
could get rid of the like cringe
basically and then just send it and do
another video we got we we did basically
crazy
yeah I don't think it was enough to like
actually do anything wow cuz I was just
taking like little little bits I
don't enough um years later I heard
about that and was like huh that's just
what you
did I wonder if that affected me um I
again I don't think it was actually
enough to to really do anything you need
very specific brands of Cody and sort of
uh but you like I don't know anything
about this shut up you couldn't
understand me talking and I had to host
videos and there wasn't really another
solution I wasn't going to not host the
videos so it was like okay we're just
doing it trying to think what's like a
crazy thing I've missed because of being
sick but nothing comes to mind I also
just have a mind like a Civ so who knows
for certain
things hey everyone my company is
currently running an insane cost Savings
Program and cut our Microsoft Office
licenses to browser use only what are
your thoughts on cost savings that
result in unproductivity well they
aren't really cost savings then are they
yeah you're shifting
expenses um I mean it is a big decrease
in cost but it's a big decrease in cost
of like 10 bucks a person so per month
yeah and it so so it depends on like
what you're doing um it also depend like
not to call you out in certain cases it
could be a user issue where like the
browser thing might be fine now if
you're doing advanced stuff with Excel
that is not true the local version just
is better um so I don't know for for you
maybe it is actually nerfing you but you
know I think sometimes people just hate
change and there's a significantly
cheaper way to do certain things and
sometimes you just got to kind of catch
up I think both can be true
um yeah I can also understand like if an
employer
is better to cut office than to cut
exactly if they're having a really hard
time making ends meet for a while and
they're like well then you might want to
be pretty supportive of the cost-saving
measures that are that don't involve
people yeah so
like try to make it work that's all I
can really say hi dll I just built an
mff PC with a BTF motherboard there are
very few cases and even fewer
motherboards that support this standard
what do you all think about the BTF
standard is it a dead Tech I hope it's
not dead I think it's kind of cool um it
seems to be more of a thing in China
than it is in North America but um I
yeah I guess we'll I guess the only only
time will tell the good news is that if
you buy a case um most of the ones that
I've seen that are back to front
compatible with the rear connectors like
on the back side uh are also compatible
with regular boards so you can build a
BTF system now and then you can just put
a regular motherboard in your case if it
doesn't end up being a thing so it's
it's something that doesn't really cost
anything to buy into other than just
that it limits your case
selection I think it's cool
though what's up with sorry what's up
with all these one-time drops recently
like the dip die hoodie not having
restocks um also any plans to do Classic
t-shirts again I don't know I think we
uh I think we struggle sometimes
especially with a perel
to um to
turn one time Buy into run rate business
and uh I think part of the problem has
been that our skew mix got too broad for
a while there uh part of the problem is
that we still have a lot to learn about
marketing that isn't just leveraging our
social channels and our YouTube channels
um but the reality of it is those items
that we sell through and then don't
restock we don't restock because they
just don't have the demand to sustain
another order at the at the large
minimum order quantity is I think people
underestimate how many of something you
have to order when you're not just like
paying slave wages to some poor teu
schlub um to to to effectively like
carbon copy one-offs you know like uh we
can't just make 30 of something we we
have to make 3,000 of something so if if
it takes us 5 months to move through
them we're not going to reorder them
hi lldd I think I remember Luke
mentioning the possibility of a Creator
Warehouse gym bag any updates on whether
this is still in he said he wanted one
uh we are not working on that right now
why not um because we can only so many
things Dan fine it's fine uh Hey lldd as
long as you spend all your time working
on tall shirts uh hey lldd my work did a
team building exercise and got me
thinking what's the most surprising
thing you've learned about yourself
since starting LTT and how has it
impacted your choices from for the
brand we're
approaching we're not that far away it's
not that close but we're not that far
away from this being half of our lives
so almost everything yeah I mean most of
my adult life is lonus Media Group now
yeah yeah yeah yeah you know it's kind
of crazy to think about it that way but
it's totally true more than half of my
life is Ivon era and more than half of
my adult life
is lmg era so
um you had a career level job before
this I didn't even this is my first
career level job this is technically my
first job out of postsecondary I think
it's kind of cool that we think of it as
a career level job now you know that
wasn't how we felt about it in the early
days that is very true um that's an
achievement unlocked I
suppose yeah man what did we what did we
learn about
ourselves I had to I had a a lot of
growing up to
do me
too that was that was a big thing for me
I I had to kind of like tear down a
version of myself and sort of rebuild
yeah CU I was like certain ways that I'm
like reacting to things certain ways
that I'm dealing with certain problems
are just like not cool like I need to
fix this and that was not the easiest
thing in the world but I I think I more
or less did it um and that was largely
driven by
work to be honest I've definitely made
observations but I don't know how many
of them I didn't know because to Luke's
point I had a job before like I even had
like a somewhat of a leadership position
before
um I've definitely had a lot of things
confirmed I have I I don't suffer fools
well I uh
I'm can be a bit of a control freak
those two things are pretty related both
of those though that wasn't a learning
experience like a lot of the reason that
we started
lmg I didn't want to work for someone
who wasn't um you a
mentor and didn't I believe have the
capacity to be a
mentor
um someone said you've previous
previously shared that you get hype
about big challenges yeah but I already
knew that yeah um yeah he definitely
knew that like a lot of core parts of
who I am already already knew like I I
would like to think that by the time you
hit your 20s you kind of know who you
are as a person I've some in some ways
learned to be way more patient and keep
my cards closer to my chest but in other
ways I've completely lost my patience
because I've just seen everything so
many times like like I can in in ways
that only business owners can understand
I have
seen I have seen so many train wrecks
that the
second the locomotive goes on the
rails I know what's going to happen and
it can be very frustrating for me to
watch everybody
else go let's see how it plays out
um you know you and and pay is Nature's
teacher right so so I you need to let it
happen I've learned these lessons
through pain and I understand that the
only way other people can properly learn
them is through pain um but it it can be
exhausting to to not have people
just listen um but it doesn't work that
way people have to learn for themselves
and and it's literally a management
tactic where you have to kind of pick
your battles there where if if you think
okay I am 99% sure this is going to fail
they really want to try it I don't think
the impact on this is going to be super
big okay and and what's really
frustrating though is like as a business
owner right is that their fail pain is
not real it's just like oh I am I am I
am moral sad it didn't hit their wallet
you know they take home the same pay
that day in a lot of
cases um it's also the equal and
opposite of that though is when they
have huge successes it also doesn't hit
their wall yeah that's true I mean
that's that's the dynamic right that's
why that's why a lot of people decide to
take the paycheck and why fewer people
decide to take the entrepreneurial path
insulated from the ups and downs yep not
entirely yeah but dayto day yeah in a in
a big
way next sure thing hey D y'all got me
buying hoodies every week let's go uh
the phone pocket is so nice who had LT
came up with it and and what other neat
features have you creators come up with
and uh their dishwasher is still broken
apparently oh you should probably spend
money on your dishwasher instead of an
$80 hoodie but um how are they going to
wash $60 hoodie and a $20 t-shirt sorry
sorry uh I don't
remember
um H Nick would probably remember but
there is absolutely no way that he is
doing anything other than watching the
fight right now and he does not want to
talk to me right now that's true so um
true I don't know it was lonus we're
gonna say it I think it might have been
me but I'm not 100% did the original
land hoodie have it were we inspired
from that no okay I don't know I could
be wrong I'm not
sure I could be wrong I you know what I
I don't remember it might have been me
it might have been Nick it might have
been Lloyd it might have been just
something we saw somewhere I'm not
sure howdy D faithful VOD listener here
I'm repainting my room soon and I'd like
to know how you do edges you said before
that tape just slows you down I'm
curious how a master like you does it
I'm not a master I'm just I have a
reasonably Steady Hand and an ounce of
common sense that's painting and highly
opinionated painting is not rocket
surgery um basically you dip about this
deep into the paint you whack it against
the sides of the can it's called bang
loading um don't worry about it I'm
saying nothing you hold it like a pencil
okay so not like this this like this and
then uh you should be using a I think
it's called a sash brush so basically
where it's like
uh where it goes down but it's angled at
the bottom and so you the the very
longest part is the part that does the
finest Edge and then you use the the
shorter part to kind of put on the bulk
of it and then you just paint a paint a
straight line uh I think the brush is
something that I'd been missing for a
long time I didn't realize that there
was a specific kind of angled brush that
really helps with that oh yeah yeah
that's good advice if you try and do
that with just like a blunt Square brush
you you're you're [__] like you can't
Edge like that tools really help yes um
and last one I got for you now hey dlll
I live in the US and need to upgrade my
GPU with the looming potential tariffs
do you all think I should get the 4,000
series on Black Friday or still wait for
the 5,000 series literally green lit
that video concept today we're going to
have a full video coming on that I think
Elijah is working on it that's all I got
well then we'll see you again next week
same B Time same bad Channel you going
to go watch the fight at the watch party
oh no you can't you got to go do bird
medicine Dan you going to watch the
fight uh no maybe are they upstairs
maybe oh they're in lab yeah they're in
lab cool y'all go say hi all right
uh good luck everyone see you again next
week same bad time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye apparently the an is starting right
now oh wow literally starting right now
says chat
[Music]